               indef art one
          n.frame with beads that slide along parallel rods, used for teaching numbers to children, and (in some countries) for counting
         v.  go away from (a person or thing or place) not intending to return; forsake; desert
     n.  abandoning
           v. ~ oneself/sb lower oneself/sb in dignity; degrade oneself/sb ;
           to destroy the self-possession or self-confidence of:disconcert
         adj. ~ embarrassed; ashamed
           v. make or become less
        n. = slaughterhouse (slaughter)
          n. woman who is head of a convent or nunnery
           n.  buildingin which monks or nuns live as a community under an abbot or abbess
           n. man who is head of a monastery or abbey
      v. ~ sth shorten (a word, phrase, etc), esp by omitting letters
    n.  abbreviating or being abbreviated
        v.  resign from or formally renounce the throne
      giving up control, authority
         n.  part of the body below the chest and diaphragm, containing the stomach, bowels and digestive organs
       adj. in, of or for the abdomen
          v. take away illegally, using force or deception; kidnap ;
       A carrying away of a person against his will, or illegally.
            In bed; on a bed.
        adj. not following the normal or correct way
      n.  deviation from what is accepted as normal or right
            v.  ~ sb (in sth) help or encourage sb to commit an offence or do sth wrong
        n. be in abeyance; fall/go into abeyance (of a right, rule, problem, etc) be suspended temporarily; not be in force or use for a time
           v. feel hatred and disgust for (sb/sth); detest
      n. hatred and disgust
       adj. ~ disgusting; hateful
        An abiding.
           v.  (esp with can/could, in negative sentences or questions can/could) tolerate (sb/sth); endure; bear
         adj. enduring; permanent
         n.  capacity or power to do sth physical or mental
          adj.  wretched; hopeless
          v. promise or swear to give up (a claim, an opinion, a belief, etc); renounce formally
          adj.  burning; on fire
            adj. be ~ to do sth have the power, means or opportunity to do sth
     adj. healthy, fit and strong
        n. (fml or joc ) ceremonial washing of the body, hands, sacred vessels, etc
            adv. in an able manner
        vt. to give up (rights or a claim, for example); renounce.
      n.  denial or renunciation (of a doctrine)
        adj. different, esp in an undesirable way, from what is normal, ordinary or expected
      adv: abnormally large feet
          adv. part, prep on or into a ship, an aircraft, a train or a bus ,
           n.  house; home
         v. end the existence of
       n. abolishing or being abolished
    principles or measures fostering abolition especially of slavery
    n. person who favours abolition, esp of capital punishment
      adj.  ~(fml ) causing disgust; detestable
       v. feel hatred or disgust for (sth/sb); detest; loathe
     n.  feeling of disgust and extreme hatred
      adj. inhabiting a land from a very early period, esp before the arrival of colonists
       n. aboriginal inhabitant
        adj. coming to nothing; unsuccessful
          v.  be very plentiful; exist in great numbers
           adv.  a little more or less than; a little before or after; approximately .;
           adv.  at or to a higher point; overhead
      be in a straightforward manner
     n, interj meaningless word said as a supposedly magic formula esp by conjurors while performing magic tricks
          v. wear away by rubbing; scrape off
         rubbed off/worn away by friction
        n.  scraping or wearing away; rubbing off ;
        adj.  that scrapes or rubs sth away; rough
         adv.  ~ side by side (with sb/sth) and facing the same way
         v. make shorter, esp by using fewer words; condense
     n.  shortening of a book, etc ,
      a shortened version of a written work
          adv.  in or to a foreign country or countries; away from one's own country
        v. cancel, repeal or annul (sth)
          adj.  sudden and unexpected
        adv.
         n. swollen part of the body in which a thick yellowish liquid has collected
      The act of cutting off, as in a surgical operation.
         v. ~go away suddenly and secretly, esp in order to avoid arrest
         n.  ~ being away
          adj.  ~ not present (at sth); at another place (than.)
        n. person who is absent
     n. frequent absence from school or work, esp without good reason ,
         [ absinthe: ] a potent green alcoholic drink, technically a gin, originally having high wormwood content
        n. bitter green alcoholic drink made with wormwood and other herbs
        adj.  complete; total
      adv.  completely
      n. formal declaration by a priest that a person's sins have been forgiven
         v. ~ sb (fml esp law , ) clear sb (of guilt); declare sb free (from blame, a promise, a duty, etc)
          v.  take (sth) in; suck up
        adj. with one's attention fully held
       n, adj that is able to take in moisture, etc
       adj. holding the attention fully
      n. ~ absorbing or being absorbed
         v. ~  keep oneself from doing or enjoying sth, esp from taking alcoholic drinks; refrain ;
      adj. not taking much food or drink; not self-indulgent; moderate
      n. ~ (from sth) abstaining, esp not using one's vote at an election
      n. ~ abstaining, esp from food or alcoholic drinks
       voluntary forbearance especially from indulgence of an appetite or craving or from eating some foods:ABSTENTION
        adj.  existing in thought or as an idea but not having a physical or practical existence
      adj. thinking of other things; not paying attention ;
     n.  ~ of sth removing; taking away ;
        adj. difficult to understand
          adj.  unreasonable; not sensible
       n.
       n. quantity that is more than enough; plenty
        adj.  more than enough; plentiful
           v.  make bad or wrong use of
         adj. criticizing harshly and rudely; insulting
            v. ~ on/against sth (of land or a building) have a common boundary or side with sth; adjoin sth
         adj.  extremely bad
           n. hole so deep that it seems to have no bottom
          n. any of several trees with yellow or white flowers, esp one from which gum arabic is obtained ,
        adj.  of schools, colleges, etc
     n. member of an academy
         n.  school for special training
          v. ~ (fml )  take office
      v.  make move faster or happen earlier; increase the speed of
    [ accelerate: ] to go, occur, or cause to go or occur more quickly; speed up
    n.  making or being made quicker; increase in speed
          n.  emphasis given to a syllable or word by means of stress or pitch
      v. make very noticeable or prominent; emphasize
          v.  take (sth offered) willingly
      adj. ~  worth accepting
      n.  accepting or being accepted
          n.  ~ means of approaching or entering (a place); way in
      adj. ~ that can be reached, used, etc
       n. ~ reaching a rank or position
       n.  thing that is a useful or decorative extra but that is not essential; minor fitting or attachment
        n.  event that happens unexpectedly and causes damage, injury, etc
      adj. happening unexpectedly or by chance
         v.  welcome (sb/sth) with shouts of approval; applaud loudly
       welcomed with shouts and approval
     n.  loud and enthusiastic approval
       to adapt to a new temperature, altitude, climate, environment, or situation
       n. upward slope
        n.  praise; approval
     v.  provide lodging or room for
   adj. easy to deal with; willing to help; obliging
   n.  (Brit) room(s), esp for living in; lodgings
   n.  thing that naturally or often goes with another thing
     n. person who plays a musical accompaniment
       v.  walk or travel with (sb) as a companion or helper; escort
      n. person who helps another to do sth wicked or illegal
      v.  succeed in doing (sth); complete successfully; achieve
    adj.  ~ skilled
  n.  successful completion
          n.  peace treaty; agreement
      n. in accordance with sth in agreement or harmony with sth
     adv.  in a manner that is suggested by what is known or has been said
       n. portable musical instrument with a bellows, metal reeds and a keyboard .
          v. approach and speak to (sb) boldly
         n.  statement of money paid or owed for goods or services
  [ accountable: ] responsible to someone or for some action; answerable
      n. person whose profession is to keep or inspect financial accounts
        equip
    equipment worn by soldiers in addition to their clothing and weapons
   n. equipment; trappings
        v.  ~ sth to sb/~ sb with sth attribute to sb; credit sb with (a saying, etc)
         v. to grow together; fuse; to grow or increase gradually, as by addition.
       n.  growth or increase by means of gradual additions
          v. ~ (from sth) come as a natural increase or advantage, esp financial; accumulate
      v.  gradually get or gather together an increasing number or quantity of get (sth) in this way
    n.
        n. precision or exactness, esp resulting from careful effort
        adj.  free from error
      adv.
        adj.  hateful; detestable; annoying
      n.  accusing or being accused
      adj. of or indicating an accusation
          v. ~ sb say that sb has done wrong, is guilty (of sth) or has broken the law
         (Law)  the defendant or defendants appearing on a criminal charge
         n.
      adv. in an accusing manner
        v. ~ oneself/sb/sth to sth make oneself, etc used to sth
      adj.  usual; habitual
         (adj.) tasting sour; harsh in language or temper
        Sourness of taste, character, or tone.
         n.  compound derived from acetic acid
          adj. of, containing, producing, or derived from acetic acid or vinegar
            n. continuous dull pain
      adj. that can be achieved
         v.  gain or reach (sth), usu by effort, skill, courage, etc
     n.  action of achieving
      designating color perceived to have zero saturation and therefore no hue, such as neutral grays, white, or black
            n.  substance that contains hydrogen, which can be replaced by a metal to form a salt
          adj. of or like an acid
         v. (cause sth to) become acid
         n. state or quality of being acid
       adj. rather sharp or bitter in taste or manner
     v.  accept the truth of admit (sth)
 n.  act of acknowledging
  Recognition.
            n. highest stage of development; point of perfection
            n. inflammation of the oil-glands of the skin, producing red pimples on the face and neck
         n.  person who helps a priest in certain church services
           n.  fruit of the oak-tree, with a cup-like base .
        adj.  of sound or the sense of hearing
    adv. The hall is excellent acoustically
       n.  qualities of a room, hall, etc that make it good or bad for carrying sound
        v. ~ sb/oneself with sth make sb/oneself familiar with or aware of sth
    n.  ~ with sth/sb knowledge of sth/sb
      adj.  ~ with sth familiar with sth
       v. ~ (fml ) accept sth without protest; offer no opposition (to a plan, conclusion, etc)
    submission; compliance
     adj. ready to acquiesce
         v.  gain (sth) by one's own ability, efforts or behaviour
        [ acquire: ] to get or gain (something, such as an object, trait, or ability), esp. more or less permanently
     n.  action of acquiring
     adj. keen to acquire things, esp material possessions
          v.  ~ sb (of sth) declare sb to be not guilty (of a crime, etc); free or clear sb (of blame, responsibility, etc)
       n.  judgement that a person is not guilty of the crime with which he has been charged
     Release or discharge from indebtedness, obligation, or responsibility.
            n.  measure of land, 4840 square yards or about 4050 square metres 48404050
         n. area of land measured in acres
           adj.  having a strongly bitter smell or taste
     adj. bitter
        n. bitterness of manner or words
         n. person, esp at a circus, who performs difficult or unusual physical acts
       adj. of or like an acrobat
         n. word formed from the initial letters of a group of words
      "acro'phobic adjectiv
          adv. part  from one side to the other side
             n.  thing done; deed
      [ act: ] something done or performed; a deed
          n. performing parts in plays, films, TV, etc
          n.  process of doing sth; using energy or influence; activity
      adj. giving sufficient cause for a lawsuit
        v.  make active
          adj.  (in the habit of) doing things; energetic
        adv: actively involved in the project  * Your proposal is being actively considered
        n.  being active or lively
           n. person who acts on the stage, on TV or in films
         n. woman actor
          adj. existing in fact; real
       n.  actual existence; reality ;
        adv.  really; in fact
       calculating; pertaining to insurance statistics
         n. expert who calculates insurance risks and premiums
         v.  make (a machine, an electrical device, etc) move or work; make (a process) begin , ;
          n. (esp of thought or the senses) sharpness; acuteness
          n. ability to understand and judge things quickly and clearly; shrewdness
           adj.  very great; severe
              ,AD 5`5, 55
lib           adj. (esp of speaking and performing in public) without preparation; spontaneous
           n. traditional saying; proverb ;
          adj. adv in slow time; slowly and gracefully ;
         adj. firmly or stubbornly determined; unwilling to be persuaded
           v.  ~ sth (for sth) make sth suitable for a new use, situation, etc; modify sth
    n.
       adj. (approv ) able to adapt oneself/itself
      n. ~ (for/to sth) (esp biology ) action or process of adapting or being adapted
        [ adapt: ] [often foll by to]  to adjust (someone or something, esp. oneself) to different conditions, a new environment, etc.
             v.  ~ sth put sth together with sth else so as to increase the size, number, amount, etc
        n.  thing that is to be added
          n.  person who is unable to stop taking drugs, alcohol, etc
        adj. ~  unable to stop taking or using sth as a habit
       n. ~ condition of taking drugs, etc habitually and being unable to stop doing so without suffering adverse effects
       adj. causing addiction
        n.  adding, esp calculating the total of two or more numbers
      adj. added; extra; supplementary
        n. substance added in small amounts for a special purpose
           v.  confuse (sth/sb); muddle
          (adj.) rotten
         [ addle: ] to make or become confused or muddled
         n.  details of where a person lives, works or can be found, and where letters, etc may be delivered
          v. put (sth) forward as an example or as proof
           adj. ~ ~ (at/in doing sth) expert or skilful in (doing) sth
        n. adequately
        adj. ~ satisfactory in quantity or quality; sufficient
      [ adequate: ] adequacy  noun 'adequately
          v.  ~ (to sth) remain attached (to sth); stick (as if) by means of glue or suction
       n. ~ (to sth)
        n. supporter of a party or doctrine
        n.  ~ being or becoming attached (to sth)
        adj. that can adhere; causing things to adhere; sticky
           Good-by; farewell.
         adj. of animal fat; fatty
       The state of being adjacent.
        having a common endpoint or border  also immediately preceding or following
       n. word that indicates a quality of the person or thing referred to by a noun
          v. be next or nearest to and joined with
         v.  stop (a meeting, etc) for a time; postpone
         v.  (also adjudicate) declare officially or decide by law
      v.  act as judge in a court, tribunal, contest, etc
    n.
     n. judge, esp in a competition ,
         n.  ~ thing that is added or attached to sth else but is less important and not essential
      solemn urging
          v. command or request (sb) earnestly or solemnly
          v.  put (sth) into the correct order or position; arrange
      adj. that can be adjusted
        [ adjust: ] vt. to alter slightly, esp. to achieve accuracy;
      n. adjusting
        n. army officer responsible for administrative work in a battalion
          with little or no preparation or forethought
      v.  ~ sth (to sb) (fml ) hand out or give sth formally; provide
    v. to administer
  n.  ~ administering; giving
  adj. of or involving the management of public or business affairs
   n. person responsible for managing (esp business) affairs
       adj. deserving or causing admiration; excellent
      n.  feeling of respect, warm approval or pleasure
          v.  ~ sb/sth (for sth) regard sb/sth with respect, pleasure, satisfaction, etc ,
         [ admire: ] to regard with esteem, respect, approval, or pleased surprise
        adj. showing or feeling admiration
      adj.  that can be allowed
       n.  ~ entering or being allowed to enter a building, society, school, etc
           v.  ~ sb/sth (into/to sth) allow sb/sth to enter
      n. allowing sb or being allowed to enter (esp a private place); right of entry
        to express warning or disapproval to especially in a gentle, earnest, or solicitous manner
      warning
      containing warning
             n. trouble; fuss; unnecessary activity
           n.  brick made of clay and straw and dried in the sun
     n. time in a person's life between childhood and mature adulthood
      adj. of or typical of adolescence
           v.  ~ sb take sb into one's family, esp as one's child or heir
        n. adopting or being adopted
        adj. very attractive; delightful; lovable
       n. great love or worship
           v.  love deeply and respect (sb) highly
           v. ~ sth/sb/oneself add beauty or ornament to sth/sb/oneself
         [ adorn: ] to decorate
       n.  act of adorning
       n. hormone produced by the adrenal glands that increases the heart rate and stimulates the nervous system, causing a feeling of excitement
          adj.  (esp of a boat) driven by wind and water and out of control; drifting
          adj. ~ skilful; clever
        adv.
      n.
         to flatter or admire excessively or slavishly
       n. excessive admiration or praise; flattery
           adj.  grown to full size or strength
      An adulterating substance.
      v. make poorer in quality by adding another substance
     [ adulterate: ] vt. to debase by adding inferior material
    making unpure, poorer in quality
        n. voluntary sexual intercourse between a married person and sb who is not that person's husband or wife
       n. state of being adult
       v.  indicate (sth) faintly or in outline
         n.  forward movement
        being ahead in development, knowledge, progress, etc.
       n.  ~ (over sb) condition or circumstance that gives one superiority or success (esp when competing with others)
    adj. ~ profitable; beneficial ;
          n.  the ~ of sth/sb the approach or arrival of
    adj. not planned; accidental
       n.  unusual, exciting or dangerous experience or undertaking
     adj.  eager for or fond of adventure
          n. word that adds more information about place, time, circumstance, manner, cause, degree, etc to a verb, an adjective, a phrase or another adverb
       n. opponent in a contest; enemy
         adj.  not favourable; contrary
       n.  unfavourable conditions; trouble
          n. = advertisement
       v.  make generally or publicly known
   n.  action of advertising
      n. person who advertises
          n.  opinion given about what to do or how to behave
       adj. worth recommending as a course of action; sensible
          v. ~ against sth/doing sth; ~ sb (on sth) give advice to sb; recommend
        adj. having the power to advise; giving advice
        n.  ~ giving of support (to a cause, etc)
        v. speak publicly in favour of (sth); recommend; support
           n. under the aegis of sb/sth with the protection or support of sb/sth, esp a public institution
            n. period of time so long that it cannot be measured
          v.  add carbon dioxide to under pressure
          n. one or more wires or rods for sending or receiving radio waves .
           = eyrie
        One who navigates the air, a balloonist.
     n. scientific study or practice of flying and navigating aircraft
       n. aircraft that is heavier than air, with wings and one or more engines
       n.  the earth's atmosphere and the space beyond it
        A balloon or other apparatus floating in or sustained by the air.
     The branch of pneumatics that treats of the equilibrium, pressure, and mechanical properties.
        person who has or claims to have a fine appreciation of art and beauty
       adj.  concerned with beauty and the appreciation of beauty
   adv: aesthetically pleasing
      n. branch of philosophy dealing with the principles of beauty and artistic taste
      n.
         adj.  polite and friendly
          n.  thing done; concern; matter
          v.  have an influence on (sb/sth); produce an effect on
     n.  unnatural behaviour, manner of speaking, etc, intended to impress others
        adj. not natural or genuine; pretended; artificial
       n.  ~ feeling of fondness; love
    adj. ~ showing fondness (for sb); loving
       n. written statement that can be used as evidence in court, made by sb who swears that it is true
       to bring or receive into close connection as a member or branch
     n.  affiliating or being affiliated
        n.  ~ ~ (between A and B) structural resemblance or similarity of character; relationship
          v.  ~ sth state sth as the truth; assert sth
     n.  affirming
     adj. expressing agreement; indicating `yes'
           v. ~ sth (fml )  stick, fasten or attach sth
         a:to distress so severely as to cause persistent suffering or anguish  b:TROUBLE, INJURE
      n.  pain; suffering; distress
       n. abundance of money, goods or property; wealth
        adj. rich; prosperous
          have enough money, time, space, etc for (a specified purpose)
      [ afford: ] [preceded by can, could, etc.]  to be able to do or spare something, esp. without incurring financial difficulties or without risk of undesirable consequences
          n. (fml or law ) disturbance of the peace caused by fighting or rioting in a public place
         n. ~ (to sb/sth) deliberately insulting or disrespectful remark, action, etc, esp in public
       [ affront: ] a deliberate insult
      n. (Spanish ) person who is very enthusiastic about a particular sport or pastime
           & adj. On fire, literally or figuratively.
          adj.  floating in water or air
           adj. being prepared or progressing
       Said in a preceding part or before.
          adj. ~ (of sb/sth); ~ (of doing sth/to do sth) frightened
          adv. again, esp from the very beginning
          the second largest of the continents, on the Mediterranean in the north, the Atlantic in the west, and the Red Sea, Gulf of Aden, and Indian Ocean in the east. The Sahara desert divides the continent unequally into North Africa
         adj. of Africa or its people or languages
           adv.  later
       n. existence that is thought by some to follow death
       the consequences of an event (especially a catastrophic event) ; the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual
       n. time from midday or lunch-time to about 6 pm or sunset
    n. thing that is thought of or added later
       [ afterwards: ] afterward
      adv. at a later time
           adv.  once more; another time
         prep  in opposition to
           adj. ~ (of the mouth) wide open, esp with wonder
           n. type of very hard semiprecious stone with bands or patches of colour
             n.  length of time that a person has lived or a thing has existed
          n.  process of growing old
          n.  business or place of business providing a (usu specified) service
          n. matters of business to be discussed at a meeting, etc
           n.  person who acts for, or manages the affairs of, other people in business, politics, etc
     v. become collected into a mass
   n.  action of agglomerating
     v. join together as with glue; combine ;
      to make appear great or greater:praise highly
       v.  make worse or more serious
     adj. irritating; annoying
     n.  making more serious; irritation ;
       v.  ~ sb (fml ) be formed or bring sb into an assembled group or amount
     n.
         To make the first attack.
      n.  unprovoked attacking or hostility by one country against another
      adj.  (of people or animals) apt or ready to attack; offensive; quarrelsome
        to give pain or trouble to:DISTRESS
       adj. ~ made to feel resentful (because of unfair treatment, etc)
          adj. ~ filled with horror or amazement
           adj. able to move quickly and easily; active; nimble
         nimbleness
         v.  cause anxiety to (a person, his feelings, etc); disturb; excite
        adj. troubled or excited
       n.  disturbed state of mind or feelings; anxiety
           adv, adj glowing; shining with warmth and colour
        n. person who believes that nothing can be known about the existence of God or of anything except material things
             adv. gone by; in the past
            adj. eager; excited
         to suffer or cause to suffer agony
        [ agonize: ] to suffer or cause to suffer agony
           n.  extreme mental or physical suffering
        adj. of land
           v.  ~ say `yes'; say that one is willing; consent (to sth)
       adj.  pleasing; giving pleasure
       adv. pleasantly
       n.  arrangement, promise or contract made with sb
    adj. agricultural land, workers, machinery
     n. science or practice of cultivating the land and rearing animals; farming ;
      n.
        n. science of controlling the soil to produce crops
           adv. ~ further forward in space or time
             n.  help
            n.  = aide-de-camp
    n. (abbr  ADC) naval or military officer who acts as assistant to a senior officer
             v. trouble (sb) in body or mind (used esp as in the expression shown)
         n. illness, esp a slight one
             v.  ~ (sth) (at sth/sb) point or direct (a weapon, blow, missile, etc) towards an object
         adj. having no purpose
             n.  mixture of gases surrounding the earth and breathed by all land animals and plants
hostess      stewardess in a passenger aircraft
        adj. transported by the air
        n. any machine or structure that can fly in the air and is regarded as a vehicle or carrier
        n. area of open level ground equipped with hangars and runways for aircraft
          adv. in a carefree light-hearted manner
         adj.  not having enough fresh air; stuffy
         n. company or service providing regular flights for public use
         n. mail carried by air
        n. = aeroplane
         n. large area where civil aircraft land and take off, usu with facilities for passengers and goods, and customs
        adj. not allowing air to enter or escape
            adj.  having plenty of fresh air moving about; well-ventilated
           n.  side passage in a church that is divided by a row of pillars from the nave
            adj. slightly open
            adj. ~ similar; related
       n. soft stone, like marble in appearance, often carved to make ornaments ,
        n. prompt and eager readiness
           n.  warning sound or signal
         [ alarm: ] to fill with apprehension, anxiety, or fear
      [ alarm: ] to fill with apprehension, anxiety, or fear
            interj (expressing sorrow or regret )
       n. large white sea-bird with long wings, common in the Pacific and Southern Oceans ,
          conj although
          n. person or animal born with no colouring pigment in the skin and hair (which are white) and the eyes (which are pink)
           n.  book in which a collection of photographs, autographs, postage stamps, etc can be kept ,
       n. person who studied or practised alchemy
         n. medieval form of chemistry, the chief aim of which was to discover how to turn ordinary metals into gold ,
         n.  colourless liquid that can cause drunkenness, contained in drinks such as beer, wine, brandy and whisky
      n. continual heavy drinking of alcohol
          n. small space in a room, etc formed by part of the wall being set back; recess
           n. tree of the birch family, usu growing in marshy places ,
        n.  (Brit) (esp formerly) member of a county or borough council, next in rank below the mayor
           adj. ~ attentive and quick to think or act
       n.
        adj. adv in the open air
           n. very simple plants with no true stems or leaves, found chiefly in water
         n. branch of mathematics in which letters and symbols are used to represent quantities
           n. name by which a person is called at other times or in other places; false name
           n.  formal statement or evidence that a person was in another place at the time of a crime
           n.  person who is not a naturalized citizen of the country in which he is living
       Capable of being aliened or alienated, as lands.
        v.  ~ sb cause sb to become unfriendly or indifferent; estrange sb
       [ alienate: ] to cause (a friend, sympathizer, etc.) to become indifferent, unfriendly, or hostile; estrange
      n. ~ alienating or being alienated; estrangement
          adj. on fire; lit
           v.  ~ sth (with sth) place or arrange (a thing or things) in a straight line
       n.  arrangement in a straight line
           adj. like one another; similar
         That which nourishes.
      adj. of food and digestion
         n. allowance that a court may order a man to pay to his wife or former wife before or after a legal separation or divorce
           adj.  living; not dead
          n. any of a class of substances (eg caustic soda and ammonia) that neutralize acids and form caustic or corrosive solutions in water
        adj. alkaline soil
             indef det  the whole number of
but          almost
           v. make (sth) less; relieve
      n.  act of alleging
          v. state (sth) as a fact but without proof; give as an argument or excuse
         adj. stated without being proved
      n. ~ (to sb/sth) support of or loyalty to a government, ruler, cause, etc
        n. story, painting or description in which the characters and events are meant as symbols of purity, truth, patience, etc ,
         adj. adv in quick time; fast and lively ;
        adj.  ~ having an allergy
         n. ~ medical condition that produces an unfavourable reaction to certain foods, pollens, insect bites, etc
       v. make less severe; ease
           n.  narrow passage, esp between or behind houses or other buildings, usu for pedestrians only
        n.  action or state of being joined or associated
          => ally
       n.  reptile of the crocodile family found esp in the rivers and lakes of tropical America and China
      the repetition of usually initial consonant sounds in two or more neighboring words or syllables
    n. occurrence of the same letter or sound at the beginning of two or more words in succession, as in sing a song of sixpence or as thick as thieves ,  sing a song of sixpence  as thick as thieves
        v. ~ sth allot or assign sth (to sb/sth) for a special purpose
      n.  action of allocating
       adj. "allo'pathically adve
           v. ~ sth (to sb/sth) give (time, money, duties, etc) as a share of what is available; apportion sth
       n.  action of allotting
           v.  permit (sb/sth) to do sth
       n.  amount of sth, esp money, allowed or given regularly
           n.  metal formed of a mixture of metals or of metal and another substance
        adj. including many famous actors
          v.  ~ to sb/sth (fml ) mention sb/sth briefly or indirectly
          v. tempt or attract (sb) by the expectation of gaining sth
      n.
        adj. attractive; charming
        n. ~ indirect reference
        adj.  containing allusions
    [ allusive: ] adj. containing or full of allusions
        adj. made of sand, earth, etc left by rivers or floods, esp in a delta
        Flood.
            v. ~ (sb/oneself) with/to sb/sth join or become joined with sb/sth by treaty, marriage, etc
         n.  annual book or calendar of months and days, giving information about the sun, moon, tides, anniversaries, etc ,
          n.  type of tree related to the plum and peach
          adv.  nearly; not quite
            n. money, clothes, food, etc given to poor people
           adv.  up in the air; overhead
           adj. , adv  without any companions
           prep  from one end to or towards the other end of
       adv. close to the side of a ship, pier, etc
           adj. ~ cool and remote in character; unconcerned
       n.
           adv.  in a voice loud enough to be heard, not silently or in a whisper
        n. set of letters or symbols in a fixed order, used when writing a language
    adj. in the order of the alphabet
  adv: books arranged alphabetically by author
          adj. of or found in high mountains, esp the Alps
         adv.  before now or before a stated or suggested time in the past
            adv. in addition; besides; too
           n.  table on which bread and wine are consecrated in the Communion service .
           v.  become different; change in character, position, size, shape, etc
       adj. that can be altered
      n.  changing; making a change
       To contend angrily or zealously in words.
     n. (act of) quarrelling or arguing noisily
         [ alter: ] to make or become different in some respect; change
       adj.  happening or following one after the other
     adj.  available in place of sth else; other
        conj  in spite of the fact that; even if
       n. instrument used esp in aircraft for showing the height above sea-level
        n.  height above sea-level
            n. (music )  (singer with a) voice of the highest adult male pitch
      adv.  entirely, completely
        n. principle of considering the welfare and happiness of others before one's own; unselfishness ;
        n. unselfish person
      (adj.) unselfish
       n. chemical element, a light silvery metal, not tarnished by air, used either pure or as an alloy for making cooking utensils, electrical apparatus, etc
        [ aluminium: ] n. a light malleable ductile silvery-white metallic element that resists corrosion; the third most abundant element in the earth's crust (8.1 per cent), occurring only as a compound, principally in bauxite.  etc. Symbol: Al; atomic no.: 13
         n. (US) male former student of a school, college or university
          adv.  at all times; without exception
         n.  alloy of mercury with another metal
      v. ~ (with sb/sth) (cause people or things to) combine or unite
     [ amalgamate: ] to combine or cause to combine; unite
           v. gather together or collect (sth), esp in large quantities
         n.  person who practises a sport or artistic skill without receiving money for it
      adj. inexpert; unskilled ;
         adj. relating to or inspired by sexual love
           v. fill with great surprise or wonder
          n.  tall strong athletic woman
      n.  diplomat sent from one country to another either as a permanent representative or on a special mission
    adj. able to use the left hand or the right hand equally well
        n. environment; atmosphere of a place
         adj. (of air, etc) on all sides; surrounding ,
       n. presence of more than one meaning
       adj.  having more than one possible meaning
           n. bounds, scope or extent ,
        n. ~  strong desire to achieve sth
       adj.  ~ ~ (for sth) full of ambition, esp for success or money
     the state of having contradictory or conflicting emotional attitudes
      adj. having or showing mixed feelings about a certain object, person or situation
           v.  ride or walk at a slow, leisurely pace
        n.  food of the gods
       suggestive of ambrosia; fragrant or delicious
       n. vehicle equipped to carry sick or injured people to hospital, etc
        To walk about
      walking
          n.  waiting in a hidden position to make a surprise attack
        [ ambush: ] the act of waiting in a concealed position in order to launch a surprise attack
      v. (cause sth to) become better
    n.
        adj.  ~ (of people) willing to be influenced or controlled (by sth)
           v.  correct an error in (sth); make minor improvements in; change slightly
       n.  ~ minor alteration or addition to a document, etc
       [ amenity: ] [often pl]  a useful or pleasant facility or service
         n.  feature or facility of a place that makes life there easy or pleasant
         short for the: United States of America
        adj. of N or S America, esp the USA
     n. word or phrase used in American English but not in standard English in Britain
        n. purple or violet precious stone
      n.
         adj. showing and inspiring friendliness; pleasant and good-tempered
     n. amicably
        adj. showing friendliness; without hostility
            prep in the middle of (sth); among .;
           adj. , adv  wrong(ly); inappropriate(ly)
           n. friendly relationship between people or countries
         n. instrument that measures electric current in amperes
         n.  colourless gas with a strong smell, used in refrigerators and for making explosives
         n. partial or total loss of memory
         n. general pardon, esp for offences against the State
            adv. run amok rush about in a wild and angry frenzy
           prep  surrounded by (sb/sth) .
         prep. =among,surrounded by
          adj. not based on moral standards; not following any moral rules ;
         adj. readily showing or feeling love; relating to love
       adj. having no definite shape or form; not organized
   [ amorphous: ] lacking a definite shape; formless
        end (a debt) by setting aside money
          v. ~ to sth add up to or total sth
           n. (esp secret) love affair
          n. unit for measuring electric current .
       n. sign meaning `and' `&' ,  `and'
       n.  animal able to live both on land and in water
      adj.  living or operating both on land and in water
    oval building with tiers of seats
           adj.  enough
   n.
       [ amplify: ] vt. to increase in size, extent, effect, etc., as by the addition of extra material; augment; enlarge; expand
       n. device for amplifying
         v.  increase (sth) in size or strength
       n.  breadth; largeness; abundance ;
           adv: amply fed, furnished, provided for, rewarded ,
        v. cut off by surgical operation
          n. piece of jewellery, etc worn as a charm1(
           v.  make laugh or smile
          [ amuse: ] to keep pleasantly occupied; entertain; divert
       thing that makes time pass pleasantly
         adj. causing laughter or smiles; enjoyable
     n.  mistake of placing sth in the wrong historical period
   adj.
       adj. living, active, occurring, or existing in the absence of free oxygen
         n. word or phrase made by rearranging the letters of another word or phrase
       n. loss of ability to feel pain while still conscious
       adj. n substance that relieves pain
       adj. ~ partially similar or parallel; offering an analogy
        n. thing that is similar to another thing
         n.  ~ partial similarity between two things that are compared
         v.  separate into its parts in order to study its nature or structure
        n. study of sth by examining its parts and their relationship
         n.  person skilled in making analyses
        analytical  adjs of or using analysis ;
      [ analytic: ] relating to analysis
         To examine minutely or critically.
        anarchical  adjs
       n. person who believes in anarchism
         n.  absence of government or control in society; lawlessness
        n.  detested person or thing
    declare to be evil or anathema
      adj.
         n.  scientific study of the structure of animal bodies
        n.  any of the people from whom sb is descended, esp those more remote than his grandparents; forefather
       adj. belonging to or inherited from one's ancestors
        n. line of ancestors
          n.  heavy metal device attached to a rope, chain, etc and used to moor a ship or boat to the sea-bottom or a balloon to the ground
       n. hermit or religious recluse
         adj.  belonging to times long past
       adj. ~ helping in a subsidiary way
             conj  also; in addition to
         n. iron support for holding logs in a fireplace
       adj. anecdotal memoirs
        n. short, interesting or amusing story about a real person or event ,
          condition in which blood lacks red corpuscles
          lacking force, vitality, or spirit
      n. instrument for measuring the force of the wind
      = anaesthesia, anaesthetic
      = anaesthesia, anaesthetic
            adv. in a new or different way; again
           n.  messenger or attendant of God
         adj. of or like an angel
     adv: The children behaved angelically
           n.  strong feeling of displeasure and hostility
           n.  space between two lines or surfaces that meet
      n. person who hates or fears England or English things
     n. hatred or fear of England or English things
     n.  person of English descent
           adj. ~ (with sb) (at/about sth) filled with anger
           n. feeling of anxiety, guilt or remorse, esp about the state of the world ,
         n. severe physical or mental pain
       adj. feeling or expressing anguish
         adj.  having angles or sharp corners
      n.
       free from water and especially water of crystallization
   n. criticism
      v. ~ (fml ) make (esp critical) remarks about sb/sth
          n.  living thing that can feel and move voluntarily
      n. microscopically small animal
         adj. living; having life
        adj.  lively
      [ animated: ] full of vivacity and spirit; lively
       n.  liveliness; vivacity
       n. ~ ~ (between A and B) (instance of) strong dislike or of hostility
          n.  animosity shown in speech or action
           n.  joint connecting the foot with the leg
        n. person who writes annals
          n. story of events year by year; historical records
          v. make tough by cooling slowly after heating
           v.  take possession of
      n. act of annexing
      v. destroy completely
    n. complete destruction
     n. yearly return of the date of an event; celebration of this
        v. add notes to giving explanation or comment
       [ annotate: ] 'anno"tatable adjective
      n.  action or process of annotating
        v.  make known publicly
       [ announce: ] v. to make known publicly; proclaim
    n. statement in spoken or written form that makes sth known
       n. person who announces speakers, singers, programmes, etc, esp on radio or TV ,
           v.  cause slight anger to (sb); irritate
       n.  being annoyed
         adj. ~ (at/about sth); ~ (that.../to do sth) rather angry
        adj. causing slight anger or irritation
          adj.  happening every year
        adv: The exhibition is held annually
         n.  fixed sum of money paid to sb yearly, usu for the remaining part of his lifetime
           v. declare (sth) no longer valid; abolish; cancel
    n. the Annunciation (festival held on 25 March to commemorate) the announcement to Mary that she was to be the mother of Christ , ; 325
           n.  positive electrode by which an electric current enters a device
         verb  to coat (a metal, such as aluminium or magnesium) with a protective oxide film by electrolysi
         n, adj  that can relieve pain
          v.  ~ sb apply oil or ointment to sb (esp as a religious ceremony)
       adj. different from what is normal; irregular
         n. anomalous thing; irregularity
       n. state of being anonymous
       adj.  with a name that is not known or not made public
        n.  loss of the wish to eat
         indef det  an additional
          n. ~ thing said, written or done as a response or reaction; reply
             n.  any of several types of very small insect that live in highly organized groups and work very hard
      n~ ~ (between A and B) (instance of) active opposition or hostility, esp between two people
      n. person who actively opposes sb/sth; adversary ;
    adj. ~ showing or feeling antagonism; hostile
      to incur or provoke the hostility of
       adj. of the regions around the South Pole .
            n. stake in poker2, etc that a player must make before receiving new cards
        be earlier in time; go back further
     n. priority
      n.  thing or circumstance that is or comes before another
     ancestr
     n. = ante-room
        v.  put an earlier date on than the one at the time of writing
    adj.  of the time before Noah's Flood
       adj. existing or occurring before birth; pre-natal
         n. either of a pair of flexible sensitive organs on the heads of insects, crustaceans, etc; feeler
        adj. coming before in position or time; nearer the front ;
        A room situated before and opening into another, usually larger.
          n. short musical composition, usu for a choir and an organ, to be sung in religious services, often with words taken from the Bible ,
       n. collection of poems or pieces of prose on the same subject or by the same writer
      n. very hard form of coal that burns with little smoke or flame
      adj. man-like in form
  n. student of or expert in anthropology
    n. study of mankind, esp of its origins, development, customs and beliefs ,
 adj. treating gods, animals, etc as human in form and personality ,
      n, adj that can destroy or prevent the growth of bacteria ,
     [ antibiotic: ] any of various chemical substances, such as penicillin, streptomycin, neomycin, and tetracycline, produced by various microorganisms, esp. fungi, or made synthetically and capable of destroying or inhibiting the growth of microorganisms
        n. substance formed in the blood in response to harmful bacteria, etc, which it then attacks and destroys
           n. absurd or exaggerated movement or behaviour intended to amuse people
      Any opponent or enemy of Christ, whether a person or a power.
      v.  expect
     [ anticipate: ] v. to foresee and act in advance of
    the act of anticipating; expectation, premonition, or foresight
    adj. (fml )
      n. disappointing end to a series of events which had seemed likely to become more interesting, exciting or impressive
          pl n  absurd or grotesque acts or posture
     n. area in which atmospheric pressure is high, producing fine and settled weather, with an outward flow of air
        n. ~  substance that acts against the effects of a poison or disease
      n. substance added to water to lower its freezing point, eg as used in the radiator of a motor vehicle ,
         n. substance which, when it is put into the body, causes it to produce antibodies
   n. any of a variety of drugs used to treat allergies
       settled aversion or dislike:DISTASTE
        A response or alteration of responses, generally musical.
       An anthem or other composition sung responsively.
        the exact or direct opposit
       n.  places on opposite sides of the earth to each other
     adj. of, for or concerning the study, collection or sale of antiques, esp old or rare books
       n. person who studies, collects or sells antiques ,
       To make old or out of date.
      adj.  (of things) out of date, obsolete ,
         adj.  belonging to the distant past
       n.  ancient times, esp before the Middle Ages
      n. substance that prevents a wound, etc from becoming septic, esp by destroying bacteria
      adj.  opposed or harmful to the laws and customs of an organized community
   Tending to prevent or relieve non-inflammatory spasmodic affections.
     The inversion of terms in successive classes, as in "the home of joy and the joy of home".
      n. ~ (of/to sth/sb) direct opposite
      antithetical  adjs
    direct opposing
       [ antitoxin: ] an antibody that neutralizes a toxin
       n. substance that acts against a poisonous substance and prevents it from having a harmful effect
          n. branched horn of a stag or of some other deer
         n. word that is opposite in meaning to another
           n.  iron block on which a smith shapes heated metal by hammering it
         n.  troubled feeling in the mind caused by fear and uncertainty about the future
         adj.  ~ feeling anxiety; worried; uneasy
     [ anxious: ] worried and tense because of possible misfortune, danger, etc.; uneasy
             indef det  (used with ns ) an unspecified amount of
         indef pron  any person
          indef adv  carelessly; unsystematically
          indef pron = anybody
        indef pron  any thing
more than not merely
          indef adv = anyhow 2
        indef adv  in, at or to any place
           n. main artery through which blood is carried from the left side of the heart
           adv.  to or at a distance
       n. (official government policy of) racial segregation, separating Europeans and non-Europeans
       n.  (US) = flat1
       adj. showing or feeling apathy
          n. ~ lack of interest, enthusiasm or concern; indifference
             n.  any of the four primates (gorilla, chimpanzee, orang-utan, gibbon) most closely related to man .
        n. alcoholic drink taken as an appetizer before a meal
        n.  narrow opening
            n. top or highest point
         n. partial or total loss of ability to speak or understand spoken language, caused by damage to the brain
         n, adj suffering from aphasia
           n. = aphis
        n. short wise saying; maxim ;
      adj.
        n. person who keeps bees
          n. place with a number of hives where bees are kept
      the cultivation of bees on a commercial scale for the production of honey
          n. confidence and self-control; poise
      n.  revelation, esp about the future of the world
     adj. prophesying great and dramatic events like those in the Apocalypse
       n. those books of the Old Testament that were not accepted by Jews as part of the Hebrew Scriptures and were not included in the Protestant Bible at the Reformation
      adj. not likely to be genuine; untrue or invented
          n.  position in the orbit of the moon, a planet or a satellite when it is at its greatest distance from the earth ,
      adj. not interested or involved in politics
      adj. ~ feeling or expressing regret; making an apology
       n. person who defends a doctrine by logical argument
       to express or make an apology; acknowledge failings or faults
         n.  ~ (for sth) statement to say one is sorry for having done wrong or hurt sb's feelings
       Allusion to something by denying that it will be mentioned, as in  I will not bring up my opponent's questionable financial dealings
      adj.  of or suffering from apoplexy
        n. sudden inability to feel or move, caused by the blockage or rupture of an artery in the brain ,
        n. abandoning one's religious beliefs, principles, political party, etc
        n. person who renounces his former beliefs, etc
         n.  any of the twelve men sent out by Christ to spread his teaching
      n. sign (') used to show that one or more letters or numbers have been omitted (as in can't for cannot, I'm for I am, '76 for 1976, etc)
     [ apostrophe: ]
      n. person who prepares and sells medicines and medical goods
        = apophthegm
      n. (of a human being) making or becoming a god or a sain
           v. fill (sb) with horror or dismay; shock deeply
          to overcome with consternation, shock, or dismay
       adj. shocking; extremely bad
       n.  set of instruments, etc used esp in scientific experiments
         n. clothing; dress
        adj.  clearly seen or understood; obvious
      adv. according to appearances; as it seems
      n.  appearance, esp of sth startling, strange or unexpected ,
          v.  ~ to sb (for sth); ~ for sth make an earnest request
       adj.  attractive; charming
          v.  come into view; become visible
      n.  coming into view; arrival
         v. make quiet or calm, usu by making concessions or by satisfying demands
     n. act or policy of appeasing, esp by making concessions to a possible enemy in order to avoid war
       [ appease: ] to calm, pacify, or soothe, esp. by acceding to the demands of
       Capable of being appealed to.
     n. name or title; system of naming ;
          v. ~ sth (fml ) attach or add sth (esp in writing)
       n. thing that is added to, or that forms a natural part of, sth larger
    n. inflammation of the appendix
        n. section that gives extra information at the end of a book or document
       v. ~ to sb/sth belong or relate to sb/sth as a right; be appropriate to sb/sth ;
        n.  physical desire, esp for food or pleasure
       a small amount of food or drink taken to stimulate the appetite
      appealing to or stimulating the appetite especially in appearance or aroma
         v.  show approval of by clapping the hands
        n.  approval expressed by clapping the hands
           n.  round fruit with firm juicy flesh and green, red or yellow skin when ripe
       n.  instrument or device for a specific purpose
   n.
      adj. ~ that can be applied (apply 7); appropriate or suitable
       n. ~ person who applies, esp for a job, etc
     n.  ~ (to sb) (for sth) formal request
           v.  ~ (to sb) (for sth) make a formal request
         v.  ~ sb ~ sb (as sth) choose sb for a job or position of responsibility
       n. person appointed to a job or position
     n.  ~ (to sth) (act of) appointing a person to a job
       v. ~ sth give sth as a share; allot sth
        adj. ~ (of a remark, etc) very appropriate (for a purpose or an occasion)
      n. addition of one word or phrase to another word or phrase as an explanation
       n. appraising sb/sth; valuation ;
        v. assess the value or quality of
     adj. that can be seen or felt; considerable
     adv: He's looking appreciably thinner
      v.  understand and enjoy (sth); value highly
     [ appreciate: ] to feel thankful or grateful for
    n.  understanding and enjoyment
    adj. ~ feeling or showing understanding or gratitude
       v.  seize (sb); arrest
     [ apprehend: ] vt. to arrest and escort into custody; seize
   Capable of being conceived.
    n.  anxiety about the future; fear
    adj. ~ ~ (that.../for sb/sth) feeling anxiety; fearful; uneasy
      n.  person who has agreed to work for a skilled employer for a fixed period in return for being taught his trade or craft
  n. being an apprentice
         v. ~ sb of sth inform sb of sth
        v.  come near or nearer to in space or time
    adj.  that can be approached
       (Scots law)  to accept as valid
     n. approval; consent
     (adj.) approving or sanctioning
     adj. ~ suitable; right and proper
 n.
   [ appropriate: ] right or suitable; fitting
   n.  appropriating or being appropriated
        n.  feeling or showing or saying that one thinks sth is good or acceptable or satisfactory
         v.  ~ say, show or feel that sth is good or acceptable or satisfactory
     adj. almost correct or exact but not completely so
   adv: It cost approximately 300 I can't remember exactly. 300--
   n.  amount or estimate that is not exactly right but nearly so
    n. (law )  minor piece of property; accessory ;
   [ appurtenance: ] a secondary or less significant thing or part
           n. the fourth month of the year, next after March
           n.  garment worn over the front part of the body to keep the wearer's clothes clean while working .
         adv, adj appropriate or relevant to what is being said or done
             adj.  suitable; appropriate
        n. ~ natural ability or skill
           adv. suitably; appropriately
      n.  bluish-green precious stone
       n. board on which a person stands while being towed across water by a speedboat
         adj.  growing or living in or near water
        n. structure for carrying water across country, esp one built like a bridge over a valley or low ground ,
         adj. of or like water; produced by water
         a water-bearing stratum of permeable rock, sand, or gravel
        adj. of or like an eagle
       n.  elaborate design of intertwined leaves, branches, scrolls, etc ,
         adj. of Arabia or the Arabs
          n. , adj suitable for ploughing and for growing crops
        n. any of the class of animals including spiders, scorpions, ticks and mites ,
         n.  ~ person who has power to decide what will be done, accepted, etc with regard to sth
     adv.
   n.
       adj.  based on personal opinion or impulse, not on reason
       v. ~ (between A and B) make a judgement about or settle (a dispute) between two parties (usu when asked by them to do so)
     n.  settling of a dispute by a person or people chosen to do this by both sides in the dispute
      n. person chosen to settle a dispute between two parties
           a shelter of vines or branches or of latticework covered with climbing shrubs or vines
        adj. of or living in trees
     Having the nature of a tree.
       n. place where trees are grown for scientific study or for display
   The cultivation of trees or shrubs.
             n.  part of the circumference of a circle or some other curved line .
          n. covered passage or area, esp one with an arched roof and shops along one or both sides
          requiring secret or mysterious knowledge
            n.  curved structure supporting the weight of sth above it, eg a bridge or the upper storey of a building
           comb form   chief; most important
  adj. of or related to archaeology
   n. expert in archaeology
     n. study of ancient civilizations by scientific analysis of physical remains found in the ground
         adj.  of a much earlier or an ancient period in history
        n.  archaic word or expression
       n. angel of the highest rank
      n. bishop of the highest rank, responsible for a large church district
      n. priest next below the rank of bishop
          n. person who shoots with a bow and arrows, esp as a sport or in battle
    [ archetype: ] a perfect or typical specimen
       n.  original or ideal model from which others are copied; prototype ;
     n. (sea surrounding a) group of many islands
       n. person who designs buildings and supervises their construction
   adj. of or related to architecture
    n.  art and science of designing and constructing buildings
         a place in which public records or historical documents are preserved
        n.  historical documents or records of a government, town, etc
       n. person who is trained to keep archives
         n. = arch1
          adj.  of the regions around the North Pole
          adj. full of ardour; enthusiastic
        with full of ardour
           extreme vigor or energy:INTENSITY
         adj. needing much effort or energy; laborious
            n.  extent or measurement of a surface
           n.  level area in the centre of an amphitheatre or a sports stadium
           n. words and phrases used by a particular group and not intended to be understood by others; cant ;
           v.  ~ (about/over sth) express an opposite opinion; exchange angry words; quarrel
        n. ~ (about/over sth) disagreement; quarrel
   n. process of arguing; debate ;
   adj. fond of arguing
[ argumentative: ] given to arguing; contentious
            n. song for one voice, esp in an opera or oratorio
            adj.  having little or no rainfall; dry
        n.
           v.  become evident; appear; originate
     n.  highest social class; the nobility
      n. member of the aristocracy; nobleman or noblewoman ;
    adj. belonging to or typical of the aristocracy
      n. branch of mathematics that deals with calculations using numbers
   n. expert in arithmetic
             n. ship in which Noah, his family and animals were saved from the Flood
             n.  either of the two upper limbs of the human body, from the shoulder to the hand
          n.  large fleet of ships
        n.  weapons, esp the guns on a tank, an aircraft, etc
        n. chair with supports for the arms .
          n. quantity that can be carried by one or both arms
       n. agreement during a war to stop fighting for a certain time; truce ;
          a place where arms and military equipment are stored
          n.  protective, usu metal, covering for the body, worn when fighting
            n.  part of a country's military forces that is organized and equipped for fighting on land
           n. distinctive smell; fragrance
        adj. having a pleasant, distinctive smell; fragrant
           pt of arise
          adv.  on every side; in every direction
          v.  ~ sb wake sb from sleep
         v.  ~ sb (law ) bring a criminal charge against sb; bring sb to court for trial
         v.  put in order; make tidy, neat or attractive
     n.  putting in order; arranging
          adj. to the highest degree; utter
           v.  place (esp armed forces, troops, etc) in battle order
          Something overdue and unpaid.
         n.  money that is owed and should have been paid earlier
          v.  seize with the authority of the law
       adj. attracting attention; striking
      lacking rhythm or regularity
         n.  act of arriving
          v.  ~ reach (a place), esp at the end of a journey
       a feeling or an impression of superiority manifested in an overbearing manner or presumptuous claims
        adj. behaving in a proud and superior manner; showing too much pride in oneself and too little consideration for others
        v.  ~ sth to oneself claim or take sth to which one has no right
           n.  thin pointed stick designed to be shot from a bow1
          a brook; a creek a water-carved gully or channel
         n.  place where weapons and ammunition are made or stored
         n.  brittle steel-grey element .
           n. criminal and deliberate act of setting fire to a house or other building, either from malice or in order to claim insurance money
        n. person who is guilty of arson
             n.  creation or expression of sth beautiful, esp in a visual form, eg painting, sculpture, etc
n. diseased condition in which the walls of the arteries become harder and hinder the circulation of the blood
          n.  any of the tubes carrying blood from the heart to all parts of the body
          adj.  cunningly clever at getting what one wants; crafty
      n.
       n. inflammation of a joint or joints of the body, causing pain and stiffness
       Pertaining to King Arthur, the real or legendary hero of British poetic story.
         n.  particular or separate thing, esp one of a set
      adj.  able to express one's ideas clearly in words
    n.  making of speech sounds
        = artefact
       something created by humans usually for a practical purpose;  especially :an object remaining from a particular period
        n. clever trickery; deception
      adj.  made or produced by man in imitation of sth natural; not real
       n.  heavy guns used in fighting on land
         a manually skilled worker
          n.  person who practises any of the fine arts, esp painting
        adj.  having natural skill in any of the fine arts
        n. skill or work of an artist
         adj. simple and natural; without deceit
     [ artless: ] free from deceit, guile, or artfulness; ingenuous
              prep  so as to appear to be
for           prep. with regard to
yet           up to the present or a specified time
          v. go or come up (sth)
      n. ~ (position of) having dominant power or control
       n. in the ascendant rising in power and influence
       n.  act of ascending
          n.  act of ascending
       v. discover (sth) so that one is certain; get to know
         adj. not allowing oneself pleasures and comforts; having or involving a very austere life
      n.
      adj.  ~ to sb/sth that can be ascribed to sb/sth
         v. ~ sth to sb/sth consider sth to be caused by, written by or belonging to sb/sth
         adj. free from bacteria that cause a thing to become septic; surgically clean
         adj.  without sex or sex organs
             n. tree commonly found in forests, with silver-grey bark and hard close-grained wood.
         adj.  ~ ~ (that...) feeling shame, embarrassment, etc about sth/sb or because of one's own actions
           adj. like ashes in colour; very pale
          adv. to or on the shore or land
         n. small dish or container into which smokers put tobacco ash, cigarette ends, etc
            the largest of the continents, bordering on the Arctic Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, the Indian Ocean, and the Mediterranean and Red Seas in the west.
           n. native or inhabitant of Asia
           adv.  on or to one side of the main position, direction, etc
         adj. stupid or stubborn
             v.  ~ (about sb/sth); ~ sth of sb request information (about sb/sth) (from sb)
         adv. look
           adj. , adv not in a straight or level position; crooked
          adj.  not awake; sleeping
       n. plant with feathery leaves whose young shoots are cooked and eaten as a vegetable
          n.  particular part or feature of sth being considered
       adj. concerned with aspect(5)
        n.  harshness or severity, esp of manner
       slanderous remark
         n. black sticky substance like coal tar, mixed with sand or gravel for making road surfaces, or used to make roofs, etc waterproof
        n. condition caused by lack of air in the lungs; suffocation
      v. cause to become ill or to die by preventing enough air from reaching the lungs; suffocate
        n. ~ (fml ) person who is ambitious (for fame, promotion, success, etc)
      n.  ~ ~ (to do sth) strong desire or ambition
          v. ~ after/to sth desire strongly to achieve sth; have ambition for sth
         n. medicine used to relieve pain and reduce fever
             n.  animal related to the horse, with long ears and a tuft at the end of its tail
          v. ~ sb (fml ) attack sb violently or repeatedly
       n. person who attacks
        n. killer, esp one who kills an important or famous person for money or for political reasons ,
     v. kill for money or for political reasons
   n. murder of this kind
         n. ~ sudden violent attack
           n. testing of esp metals for quality
        v.  come together; collect
        n.  coming together of a group of people for a specific purpose
          n. ~ (fml ) agreement; approval
          v.  make others recognize (sth) by behaving firmly and confidently
       n.  action of claiming or stating forcefully; insistence
       adj. showing a strong and confident personality; asserting oneself
   n.
          v.  ~ sth decide or fix the amount of sth
      n.  action of assessing
        n.  person who assesses taxes or the value of property, etc ,
           n.  ~ valuable or useful quality or skill
      v. state (sth) firmly and solemnly
       n. constant and careful attention to a task
       adj. showing constant and careful attention
          v.  ~ sth to sb give sth to sb as a share of work to be done or of things to be used
      adj. that can be assigned
        One who is appointed to act for another in the management of certain property and interests.
      n.  task or duty that is assigned to sb
      v.  (cause sth to) become absorbed into the body after digestion
     [ assimilate: ] vt. to learn (information, a procedure, etc.) and understand it thoroughly
          v.  ~ in/with sth; ~ (sb) in doing sth (fml ) help
      n. help
       n.  person who helps
          n. lawcourt session held periodically in each county of England and Wales for trying civil and criminal cases
       adj.  joined or allied with a profession or organization
     n.  ~ (with sb/sth) action of associating or being associated
       n. similarity between the vowel sounds only or the consonant sounds only of two words or syllables, as in sharper and garter or killed and cold , sharper garter killed cold
          vt. to arrange or distribute into groups of the same type; classify
        adj. of different sorts; mixed
         v. make (sth) less severe; soothe
          v.  accept as true before there is proof
         adj. pretended; false
      n.  thing accepted as true or as sure to happen, but not proved
       n.  confident belief in one's own abilities and powers
          v.  tell (sb) positively or confidently
         adj. confident
     [ assured: ] made certain; sure; guaranteed
        n. star-shaped symbol used in writing and printing to call attention to sth, eg a footnote, or to show that letters are omitted, as in Mr J*n*s for Mr Jones  *, Mr J*n*sMr Jones
        n. any of many small planets revolving round the sun, esp between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter
          n. chronic chest illness causing wheezing and difficulty in breathing
       adj. of or suffering from asthma
      pertaining to a kind of impaired eyesight
     n. defect in an eye or a lens that prevents correct focusing
        v. surprise greatly
      adj. very surprised
     adj. very surprising
    n. great surprise
         v. overcome with surprise or shock; amaze
      adj. amazing
          adj. of or from the stars
          adv.  away from the right path or direction
         adv.  with one leg on each side
      n. substance, used medically or in cosmetics, that makes skin or body tissue contract and so stops bleeding
       n. instrument used for measuring the altitude of the sun, stars, etc ,
      n. person who is an expert in astrology
       n. study of the positions of the stars and movements of the planets in the belief that they influence human affairs
       n. person who travels in a spacecraft
      n. person who studies or is an expert in astronomy
    adj.  of astronomy
       n. scientific study of the sun, moon, stars, planets, etc
          adj. clever and quick at seeing how to gain an advantage; shrewd
         adv. into pieces; apart
          n.  safety; refuge
      adj. not having parts that correspond to each other in size, shape, etc; lacking symmetry
    not of equal size or similar shape:
    adj. (of a disease or suspected disease) without symptoms; providing no subjective evidence of existence
    [ asynchronism: ] a lack of synchronism; occurrence at different times
              prep  (indicating a point in space )
a moments notice 
         n. reappearance in a person of a characteristic or quality that has not been seen in his family for many generations
       adj. an atavistic urge
             pt of eat
         n. artist's studio or workshop
         n. belief that there is no God
         n. person who believes that there is no God
       adj.
 atherosclerotic  adjectivrros
         Wanting water.
         n.  person who trains to compete in physical exercises and sports, esp running and jumping ,
        adj.  of athletes or athletics
       n. physical exercises and competitive sports, esp running and jumping
         adv, prep obliquely across (sth); from one side to the other side (of)
        the short for the Atlantic Ocean
           n. book of maps
      n.  the atmosphere the mixture of gases that surrounds the earth
     adj.  of or related to the atmosphere
            n.  smallest part of an element that can exist chemically
          adj. of an atom or atoms
        An apparatus for reducing a liquid to a fine spray, as for disinfection, inhalation, etc.
          adj. not written in any key or system of scales (scale2 6)
           v. ~ (fml ) act in a way that compensates for a previous wrong, error, etc
       n.  act of atoning
       adj.  very wicked, cruel or shocking
        n. great wickedness or cruelty
         n. wasting away of the body or part of it through lack of nourishment or use
          v.  ~ sth fasten or join sth (to sth)
         n. person attached to an ambassador's staff with a particular responsibility
      n.  action of attaching; being attached
          n.  ~ violent attempt to hurt, overcome or defeat sb/sth
          v.  succeed in getting (sth); achieve
      adj. that can be attained
      n.  success in reaching
         v. make an effort to accomplish try (to do sth)
          v.  ~ apply one's mind steadily; give careful thought
      n.  action or time of being present
       n.  person whose job is to provide a service in a public place
       n.  action of applying one's mind to sth/sb or noticing sth/sb
       adj. ~ giving attention (to sb/sth); alert and watchful
       v.  make (sth/sb) thin or slender
      [ attenuate: ] to weaken or become weak; reduce in size, strength, density, or value
     n.
          v.  ~ (to) sth be or give clear proof of sth
           n. space or room immediately below the roof of a house
          n. clothes; dress
        n.  ~ way of thinking or behaving
        n.  person appointed to act for another in business or legal matters
         v. pull towards itself/oneself by unseen force
      n.  action or power of attracting
      adj. having the power to attract(2a); pleasing or interesting
       v. ~ sth to sb/sth regard sth as belonging to, caused by or produced by sb/sth
     n.  attributing sth to sb/sth
       n.  process of gradually weakening sb's strength and confidence by continuous harassment
          v. ~ sth/sb to sth bring sth/sb into harmony or agreement with sth; make sth/sb familiar with sth
        adj. not representative or characteristic of its type; not typical
          adj. reddish-brown
         n.  method of selling things in which each item is sold to the person who offers the most money for it
       adj.  showing a willingness to take risks; daring; fearless
        boldness
         adj. that can be heard clearly
        n. group of people who have gathered together to hear or watch sb/sth
           n. official examination of accounts to see that they are in order
        n. trial hearing of a person who wants to perform as an actor, a singer, a musician, etc
      n. part of a theatre, concert hall, etc in which an audience sits
        adj. of or concerned with hearing
           n. tool for boring holes in wood, like a gimlet but larger
         v. make (sth) larger in number or size; increase
    n. action of augmenting or being augmented
           to foretell especially from omens
          omen; prophecy
          majestic, venerable
     Pertaining to St. Augustine, his doctrines, or the religious orders called after him.
            n. sister of one's father or mother; wife of one's uncle
            n. distinctive atmosphere that seems to surround and be caused by a person or thing
           adj. of or concerning the ear or hearing
         n.  = halo
         sun's corona; halo
         One of the two chambers of the heart which receives the blood from the veins.
       adj. of or like the ear
      Containing gold.
          n. (also the northern lights) bands of coloured light, mainly red and green, seen in the sky at night near the North Pole and caused by electrical radiation
         [ aurora: ] an atmospheric phenomenon consisting of bands, curtains, or streamers of light, usually green, red, or yellow, that move across the sky in polar regions.
         protection or support, patronage
        n. under the auspices of sb/sth helped and supported by sb/sth; having sb/sth as a patron ;
      adj. showing signs of future success; favourable; promising
         adj.  severely and strictly moral; having no pleasures or comforts
       n.  quality of being austere
       a country and the smallest continent, situated between the Indian Ocean and the Pacific: a former British colony, now an independent member of the Commonwealth, constitutional links with Britain formally abolished in 1986
      n, adj of Australia
        Unrestricted power.
       adj.  known to be true or genuine
    Rractical experience of sth
   [ authenticate: ] to establish as genuine or valid
    n. quality of being authentic
          n.  writer of a book, play, etc
   adj. favouring complete obedience to authority before personal freedom
   adj.  having authority; that can be trusted; reliable
[ authoritative: ] recognized or accepted as being true or reliable
       n.  power to give orders and make others obey
   [ authorize: ] to confer authority upon (someone to do something); empower
       to confer authority upon (someone to do something); empower
          n. serious mental illness, esp of children, in which one becomes unable to communicate or form relationships with others ,
        adj. suffering from autism
            n. (infml  esp US) car
  ,autobiographical  adjs of or concerning autobiography
   n.  story of a person's life written by that person
       n. government by one person with unlimited power; despotism ;
        n.  ruler of an autocracy
      adj.
       n. person's signature or handwriting, esp when kept as a souvenir
        v. cause to operate by automation
       adj.  working by itself without direct human control; self-regulating
   adv.
      n. use of automatic equipment and machines to do work previously done by people
      any reaction that occurs automatically without conscious thought or reflection (especially the undirected behavior seen in psychomotor epilepsy)
       n.  = robot 1
      n. =car
      adj. self-governing; acting independently
    [ autonomous: ] (of a community, country, etc.) possessing a large degree of self-government
        n. self-government; independence
         n. examination of a dead body to learn the cause of death; post-mortem ()
          n. the third season of the year, coming between summer and winter, ie from September to November in the northern hemisphere
        adj. of or like autumn
       adj. giving help or support; additional
           a plant hormone that promotes root formation and bud growth
           v.  ~ oneself of sth make use of sth; take advantage of sth
    n.
       adj.  that can be used or obtained
       n. mass of snow, ice and rock that slides rapidly down the side of a mountain
     adj. favouring new and progressive ideas, esp in art and literature
         n. greed for wealth or gain
      immoderately desirous of acquiring e.g. wealth
          v.  take or get revenge for
          n.  wide road or path, often lined with trees, esp one that leads to a large house ,
            v. (fml ) state (sth) firmly and positively; assert ;
         n.  result of adding several amounts together and dividing the total by the number of amounts
          adj. ~ to sth not liking sth; opposed to sth
        n.  ~ strong dislike
           v.  ~ sth turn sth away
          n. large cage or building for keeping birds in, eg in a zoo ,
        n. science or practice of flying aircraft
         n. person who flies an aircraft as the pilot or one of the crew
            adj. ~ eager; greedy
         n. eagerness
       secondary or minor occupation
           v.  keep oneself away from (sb/sth)
       adj. that can be avoided
       n. act of avoiding
            v. declare (sth) openly; admit
          n. open declaration
          to separate, cut, or tear off by avulsion
       adj. of or like an uncle, esp in manner
           v.  (of a person) wait for (sb/sth)
           v.  (cause a person or an animal to) stop sleeping; wake
          v.  stop sleeping; waken
       n. act of realizing
           v. ~ sth make an official decision to give sth to sb as a prize, as payment or as a punishment
           adj.  ~ of sb/sth; ~ that... having knowledge or realization of sb/sth
       n.
           adj. covered or flooded with sea water, being at or near the level of the waves
            adv. part  ~ (from sb/sth) to or at a distance in space or time (from sb/sth)
             n. feeling of respect combined with fear or wonder
   adj. causing awe
           adj.  extremely bad or unpleasant; terrible
         adv. very; very much
         adj.  badly designed; difficult to use
       adv.
     n.
             n. small pointed tool for making holes, esp in leather or wood
          n. canvas or plastic sheet fixed to a wall above a door or window and stretched out as a protection against rain or sun
           pt of awake
            adv.  crookedly; out of position; askew ;
              [ ax.
] a hand tool with one side of its head forged and sharpened to a cutting edge, used for felling trees, splitting timber, etc.
             n.  tool with a handle and a heavy metal blade used for chopping wood, cutting down trees, etc
           relating to, forming, or characteristic of an axis
           n. statement that is accepted as true without further proof or argument
       adj. of or like an axiom; clear and evident without needing to be proved
            n. imaginary line through the centre of a rotating object
            n.  rod on which or with which a wheel turns
             interj yes
          n. flowering shrub of the rhododendron family
           n. , adj bright blue, as of the sky
          v.  talk in a way that is difficult or impossible to understand
         n. person who babbles
          n. large African or Arabian monkey with a dog-like face .
            n.  very young child or animal
        n. state of being a baby
         adj. of, like or suitable for a baby
       n. (dated or fml ) bout of noisy, drunken merrymaking .  bacchana-lian adj
     orgiastic rites associated with Bacchus
    [ bacchanalia: ] [often cap]  orgiastic rites associated with Bacchus
        n.  unmarried man
            n.  part or surface of an object that is furthest from the front; part that is less used, less visible or less important
        n. = backcloth
      n.  part of a view, scene or description that forms a setting for the chief objects, people, etc
        n. stroke or blow made with the back of the hand turned towards the opponent
      adj.  played as a backhand
        adj. cut low at the back1(
         n. accumulation of work or business not yet attended to
         n. a setback or reversal ; an eddy or countercurrent in water.
       v. lapse from good ways into one's former bad ways of living
        adj.  directed towards the back or the starting point
       adv.  away from one's front; towards the back
       n.  part of a river not reached by the current, where the water does not flow
      [ backwater: ] a body of stagnant water connected to a river
           n.  salted or smoked meat from the back or sides of a pig
        Of or pertaining to Lord Bacon or his system of philosophy.
        n. simplest and smallest forms of plant life, microscopic organisms that exist in large numbers in air, water and soil, and also in living and dead creatures and plants, and are often a cause of disease
       A microbe.
             adj. of poor quality; below an acceptable standard; faulty
           n. thing worn (usu a design on cloth or sth made of metal) to show a person's occupation, rank, membership of a society, etc
          n. animal of the weasel family, grey with black and white stripes on its head, living in holes in the ground and moving about at night .
        n. playful teasing; banter ;
           adv.  in an inadequate or unsatisfactory manner
       n. game for two or four people played with rackets and shuttlecocks on a court with a high net
          v.  be too difficult for to understand; puzzle
        adj. a baffling crime
             n.  container made of flexible material (eg paper, cloth or leather) with an opening at the top, used for carrying things from place to place
       n.  game played on a board with small balls that are hit into holes
         n.  = luggage
            n.  money paid by or for a person accused of a crime, as security that he will return for his trial if he is allowed to go free until then
         n.  law officer who helps a sheriff in issuing writs and making arrests
            n.  food or imitation food put on a hook to catch fish or placed in nets, traps, etc to attract prey
           n. thick woollen cloth used for covering billiard-tables, card-tables, doors, etc ,
            v.  ~ sth (cause sth to) be cooked by dry heat in an oven
           n.  person who bakes and sells bread, etc
         n.  instrument used for weighing, with a central pivot, a beam and two scales or pans
        adj. keeping or showing a balance
         n.  platform with a wall or rail built onto the outside wall of a building and reached from an upstairs room .
            adj.  (of people) having little or no hair on the scalp
      n. nonsense
          adv. in plain words; with no elaboration
            n. large bundle of paper, straw, goods, etc pressed together and tied with rope or wire ready to be moved, sold, etc
         adj. threatening evil or harm; menacing
            n. thick, roughly-squared wooden beam
           refusing or likely to refuse to proceed, act, or function as directed or expected
            n.  solid or hollow sphere used in games
          n. simple song or poem, esp one that tells a story
         n.  heavy material placed in a ship's hold to keep it steady
       n. female ballet dancer, esp one who takes leading parts
          n.  (sometimes  the ballet) style of dancing used to tell a story in a dramatic performance with music but without speech or singing
         n.  brightly-coloured rubber bag that is filled with air, used as a child's toy or a decoration
          n.  (also `ballot-paper) piece of paper used in secret voting
       [ ballot: ] the democratic practice of selecting a representative, a course of action, or deciding some other choice by submitting the options to a vote of all qualified persons
        n. large room used for dancing
        n.  noisy publicity or advertising
            n.  sweet-smelling oil or ointment obtained from certain types of tree, used for soothing pain or for healing ,
           adj.  (of air) gentle and pleasantly warm
          n.  flowering plant grown in gardens
          n. tall plant of the grass family with hard hollow jointed stems that are used for making canes, furniture, etc
       v.  mystify (sb); puzzle
             v.  officially forbid (sth)
           adj. commonplace; uninteresting
        n.  quality of being banal
          n.  long thick-skinned edible fruit that is yellow when ripe .
            n.  thin flat strip, hoop or loop used for fastening things together or for placing round an object to strengthen it
         n. strip of material used for binding round a wound or an injury
        n. large handkerchief with coloured spots, usu worn round the neck
          n. member of a gang of armed robbers
        n. activity of bandits
           v.  (idm ) bandy `words (with sb) (dated ) exchange words, etc, esp when quarrelling
            n. the bane of sb's existence/life cause of sb's ruin or trouble
         adj. evil or causing evil
            v.  strike (sth) deliberately and violently, often in order to make a loud noise
          v.  ~ sb send sb away, esp out of the country, as a punishment
      n. state or process of being banished
        n. handrail of a stair and the upright poles supporting it
            n.  land sloping up along each side of a river or canal; ground near a river
          n.  owner, director or manager of a bank3
        n. person judged by a lawcourt to be unable to pay his debts in full, whose property is then taken by the court and used to repay his creditors
      n. state of being bankrupt
          n.  large strip of cloth showing an emblem or slogan, which is displayed or carried, usu on two poles, during eg political or religious processions
         n. elaborate formal meal, usu for a special event, at which speeches are often made
          n. playful, good-humoured teasing
       adj. playfully teasing
         n.  ceremony marking a person's admission into the Christian Church either by dipping him in water or by sprinkling him with water, and often giving him a name or names ,
       adj. of or related to baptism
             n.  piece of solid material
            n.  point of an arrow, a fish-hook, etc curved backwards to make it difficult to pull out .
       n, adj (person who is) primitive, coarse or cruel
       n. savage cruelty
       adj.  unrefined in taste, habits, etc
        n.  metal frame for cooking meat, etc over an open fire
          adj. having a barb or barbs
          n. person whose trade is cutting men's hair and shaving them
       n. piece of music, esp for the piano, with a steady lilting rhythm ,
            n.  minstrel
            adj.  without clothing
       adj. impudent; shameless
          adv.  only just; scarcely
         n.  agreement in which both or all sides promise to do sth for each other
           n.  large flat-bottomed boat for carrying goods and people on rivers, canals, etc
        n.  male voice between tenor and bass
            n. tough outer covering of tree trunks and branches
          n. grain used for food and for making beer and whisky
            n.  simple building for storing hay, grain, etc on a farm
       An instrument that registers graphically and continuously the atmospheric pressure.
       n.  instrument for measuring atmospheric pressure, used esp for forecasting the weather
      adj. barometric pressure
           n.  member of the lowest rank of the British peerage or of non-British nobility (called Baron Y) ,  Lord X; ,  Baron Y
         adj. n highly ornate style fashionable in the arts (esp architecture) in Europe in the 17th and 18th centuries ,
          n. sailing-ship with 3, 4 or 5 masts and sails
         n.  barrier built across a river to store water for irrigation, prevent flooding, etc
          n.  large round container with flat ends and bulging in the middle, made of wood, metal or plastic
          adj.  not good enough to produce crops
       n. barrier hastily built as a defence or an obstacle
         n.  thing that prevents or controls progress or movement
       n. lawyer who has the right to speak and argue as an advocate in higher lawcourts
          v.  ~ sth ~ sth (away) exchange (goods, property, etc) for other goods, etc without using money
        [ barter: ] to trade (goods, services, etc.) in exchange for other goods, services, etc., rather than for money
            n.  lowest part of sth, esp the part on which it rests or is supported
        n. game popular in the USA, played with a bat and ball by two teams of nine players each on a field with four bases
       n. = skirt (skirting-board). `base hit (also single) (in baseball) hit that enables a batter to reach first base
        adj. without cause or foundation
        n. lowest room or rooms in a building, partly or wholly below ground level
        n. state of being base3
           pl of basis
         adj. shy and self-conscious
     n.
           adj.  ~ forming a base or starting-point; fundamental
       adv. with reference to essential matters (which are often seen as different from what is superficially apparent); fundamentally
           n.  = wash-basin (wash)
        n. amount that a basin contains
           n. main principle that underlies sth; foundation
            v. ~ sit or lie enjoying warmth
          n.  container, usu made of material that bends and twists easily (eg reed, cane, wire), with or without a handle
      n. game played by two teams of five players in which goals are scored by throwing a large ball into an open-ended net fixed high on a hoop at the opponents' end of the court .
            n. any of several freshwater or sea fish of the perch family used as food
         n. low-pitched woodwind instrument with a double reed
         n.  illegitimate child
           v. sew together with long temporary stitches
         n.  part of a fortification that projects from the rest
             n.  small mouse-like animal that flies atnight and feeds on fruit and insects .
           n.  number of loaves, cakes, etc baked together
            let down; restrain
            n. washing of the whole body, esp when sitting or lying in water
           v.  apply water to (sth); soak in water
        exceptional commonplaceness:TRITENESS
        n. room in which there is a bath (and also usu a wash-basin and sometimes a toilet)
           n.  = truncheon
       n. army unit composed of several companies and forming part of a regiment or brigade
          n.  long board, esp one used to keep other boards in place, or to which other boards are nailed
          v. ~ at/on sth hit hard and often
        adj. out of shape because of age, regular use or frequent accidents
         n.  portable container of a cell or cells for supplying electricity
          n.  fight, esp between organized armed forces
          n. showy ornament of little value
         n. clay-like substance from which aluminium is obtained
           adj. amusing in a coarse or indecent way
            v.  ~ (out) shout or cry loudly
             n. laurel with dark green leaves and purple berries
          n.  group of shops or stalls or part of a town where these are
              v. =>Usage at be2 be2.  exist; occur; live
           n.  stretch of sand or pebbles along the edge of the sea or a lake; shore between high and low water mark
          n.  fire lit on a hilltop as a signal
            a small usually spherical piece of glass, wood, plastic, etc., with a hole through it by means of which it may be strung with others to form a necklace, etc
          n.  open glass container with a lip for pouring, used in chemistry laboratories
            n.  long piece of wood, metal, concrete, etc, usu horizontal and supported at both ends, that carries the weight of part of a building or some other structure
            n.  smooth, usu kidney-shaped, seed, used as a vegetable
            n.  large heavy animal with thick fur
           n. hair growing on the chin and the lower cheeks of a man's face
         adj. having a beard
       adj. having no beard
         n.  way of standing, walking, etc; deportment
           n.  animal, esp a large four-footed one
            v. hit (sb/sth) repeatedly, esp with a stick
          n.  utensil for beating things
        adj. showing or giving great joy and serenity; blissful
   nsuch an official statement
         v. (of the Pope) honour (a dead person) by stating officially that he or she is in heaven
       n.  great happiness; blessedness ;
            n.  (US) boy-friend; lover ;
       adj.  having beauty; giving pleasure to the senses or the mind
     adv.  in a lovely manner
          n.  combination of qualities that give pleasure to the senses or to the mind
spot      place famous for its beautiful scenery
           pl of beau
          n.  fur-coated animal with strong teeth that lives both on land and in water and gnaws down trees to build dams
          To make quiet.
          pt of become
         conj for the reason that
            n. mountain stream; brook ;
          v.  ~ sb (to do sth) make a gesture to sb with the hand, arm or head, usu to make him come nearer or to follow
          to come to be; develop or grow into
             n.  thing to sleep or rest on, esp a piece of furniture with a mattress and coverings
          To smear over, as with something oily or sticky.
          to clothe with finery:DECK
         dress with vulgar finery
          n. scene of noisy confusion; uproar
       wet thoroughly
      adj. made wet or dirty by rain, mud, etc; untidy
         n. solid rock beneath loose soil, sand, etc
         n. room for sleeping in
             n.  four-winged insect with a sting, that lives in a colony and collects nectar and pollen from flowers to produce wax and honey .
            n.  flesh of an ox, a bull or a cow, used as meat
           adj. (infml ) having a strong muscular body
         the most direct route between two places
            pp of be
            n.  alcoholic drink made from malt and flavoured with hops, etc
         n. yellowish wax made by bees for building honeycombs, also used for making wood polish
            n.  type of plant with a fleshy root which is used as a vegetable or for making sugar
          n. any of several types of insect, often large and black, with hard wing-cases
          pl of beef 2
          v.(used only in the 3rd person)(arch)happen to (sb)
           v. confuse (sb/sth); make unclear or obscure
          adv. at an earlier time; in the past; already
      adv.  in advance; in readiness; earlier
        v. act as a friend to be kind to (esp sb needing help)
      [ befriend: ] to be a friend to; assist; favou
        confuse thoroughly
    n. confuse
             v.  ~ (from sb); ~ (for) sth (from/of sb) ask for (money, food, clothes, etc) as a gift or as charity; make a living in this way
           pt of begin
           v.  (arch ) be the father of (sb)
          n.  person who lives by begging; very poor person ;
           v.  set (sth) in motion; start
        n.  person who is just beginning to learn or do sth
       n.  first part
        v.  resent or be dissatisfied with
         charm (sb)
       adj.
           pp of begin
          n. on behalf of sb/on sb's behalf; US in behalf of sb/in sb's behalf as the representative of or spokesman for sb; in the interest of sb
          v.  ~ well, badly, etc act or conduct oneself in the specified way
        [ behaviour: ] manner of behaving or conducting oneself
       n.  way of treating others; manners
          v. cut off the head of (sb), esp as a punishment
          pt, pp of behold
        huge creature; something of monstrous size or power
          n. at sb's be`hest (dated or fml ) on sb's orders
          prep  in or to a position at the back of (sb/sth)
          v.  (arch or rhet ) (often imperative ) see (esp sth unusual)
        adj. ~ to sb (dated or fml ) owing thanks or indebted to sb
        [ behold: ] (archaic or literary)
         n. suited to ; incumbent upon
           n.  existence
         to explain or insist on excessively
        v. ~ sb/sth (arch ) beat sb/sth hard; attack sb/sth
         adj. coming very late or too late
           v. fix (a rope) round a peg, rock, etc in order to secure it
           v.  send out gas from the stomach noisily through the mouth
       v.  besiege
           v.  give a wrong or an untrue idea of (sth)
          n.  ~ in sth/sb feeling that sth/sb is real and true; trust or confidence in sth/sb ;
   [ believe: ] v. to accept (a statement, supposition, or opinion) as true
      adj. that can be believed . believably
         v.  feel sure of the truth of accept the statement of (sb) as true
        v. make seem unimportant or of little value
      adj. making sb seem unimportant or worthless
            n.  hollow metal object, usu shaped like a cup, that makes a ringing sound when struck
           n. beautiful woman or the most beautiful woman in a group, etc
       adj. eager to fight; warlike; aggressive
    belligerency ns
     adj.  waging war; engaged in a conflict
   waging war
          v.  make a deep loud noise like a bull; roar, esp with pain
      One that serves as a leader or as a leading indicator of future trends
           n.  part of the body below the chest, containing the stomach, bowels and digestive organs; abdomen .
          v.  ~ to sb be the property of sb
       secure relationship; affinity
      n. person's movable possessions
         adj. ~ (by/of sb) much loved
           prep at or to a lower position, level, rank, etc than
            n.  strip of leather, cloth, etc usu worn around the waist
          a large white sturgeon, Acipenser (or Huso) huso, of the Black and Caspian Seas: a source of caviar and isinglass
          v. show sorrow for or complain about (sb/sth)
          (v.) to preoccupy in thought
         adj. bewildered or confused
           n.  long seat made of wood or stone
            v.  force (sth that was straight) into an angle; make crooked or curved
         prep  in or to a lower position than (sb/sth); under ;
     n. blessing, esp one said before a meal or at the end of a church service
      n. person who gives money or other help to a school, hospital, charity, etc
        n. position that provides a clergyman with his income
      adj. showing active kindness; generous; charitable
      adj. ~ having a helpful or useful effect; advantageous
     n. person who receives sth, esp one who receives money, property, etc when sb dies
         n.  profit; gain; future good (used esp with the vs and preps shown)
     n. desire to do good; kindness and generosity ;
      adj. ~ being, or wishing to be, kind, friendly and helpful
       adj. unenlightened morally or intellectually; ignorant; backward
          adj.  kindly; gentle
       Benevolent in feeling, character, or aspect.
       the quality of being benign; favourable attitude
         blessing
            n.  ~ (for sth/doing sth) natural skill (at sth); liking or inclination (for sth/doing sth)
        v. ~ sth (to sb) arrange, by making a will, to give (property, money etc) (to sb) when one dies
         n.  act of bequeathing
          v. scold sharply
         v. ~ sb (fml ) deprive sb (esp of a relative) by death
        [ bereave: ] [usually foll by of]  to deprive (of) something or someone valued, esp. through death
     n.  state of being bereaved
          adj. ~ (fml ) deprived of (a power or quality)
           n.  small juicy fruit without a stone
         adj. wild with rage
           n.  sleeping-place on a ship, train, etc
         v. ~ sb (for sth) ask sb earnestly; implore sb; entreat sb
           v. (fml ) surround (sb/sth) on all sides; trouble constantly; threaten
          prep  at the side of (sb/sth); next to ;
         prep  in addition to
         v.  surround with armed forces in order to make it surrender
         v. ~ sth/sb (fml ) make sth/sb dirty; smear sth/sb (with greasy or sticky stuff)
        v. dishonour (sb/sth); slander
        pt, pp of beseech
         v. (dated or fml ) be evidence of (sth); indicate
         adj.  made according to the customer's specifications
            adj. 1 of the most excellent, desirable, suitable, etc kind
         adj. of or like a beast; brutish; cruel
          v. ~ sth (fml ) present sth as a gift (to sb); confer
         To sprinkle or cover with things strewn.
        v. (fml ) sit or stand with one leg on each side of (sth)
             v.  ~ (sth) (on sth) risk (money) on a race or on some other event of which the result is doubtful
         To remind oneself.
          v. woe betide sb
         In good season or time.
         v. be a sign of (sth); indicate
          v.  ~ sb/sth hand over or show sb/sth disloyally (to an enemy)
        n. betraying or being betrayed
         become engaged to marry
       n. engagement to be married
          adj. 1 of a more excellent or desirable kind
          [ better: ] the comparative of: good
         prep  in or into the space separating (two or more points, objects, people, etc)
           n.  sloping edge or surface, eg at the side of a picture frame or a sheet of plate glass .
        n. any type of drink except water, eg milk, tea, wine, beer
            n.  large group
          v. express sorrow over (sth); mourn for
          v. ~ (of sb/sth) be cautious (of sb/sth); take care (about sb/sth) ;
        v. puzzle (sb); confuse
     adj. puzzling
    n. state of being bewildered
         v.  put a magic spell on
          prep  at or to a more distant point than
            n.  opinion or feeling that strongly favours one side in an argument or one item in a group or series; predisposition; prejudice
          prejudice
           n. (also the Bible) sacred writings of the Christian Church, comprising the Old and New Testaments
   n.
    n.  list of books or articles about a particular subject or by a particular author
     preoccupation with the acquisition and possession of books
     n. person who loves or collects books
        adj. excessively fond of or addicted to alcoholic drink
       adj. having two legislative chambers
          v. ~ (over/about sth) quarrel about unimportant things
         n. two-wheeled vehicle on which a person rides, using pedals to drive it along
             v.  ~ (sth) (for sth); esp US ~ (sth) (on sth) offer (a price) in order to buy sth, esp at an auction
        adj. ready to obey; docile ;
            v.  = abide
        adj.  happening every second year
            n. frame on which a coffin or a dead body is carried or placed before burial
         adj. designed for looking at both distant and close objects
       v. (of roads, rivers, branches of trees, etc) divide into or have two branches ,
      [ bifurcate: ] to fork or divide into two parts or branches
             adj.  large in size, extent or intensity
        n. person guilty of bigamy
          n. marrying a person when still legally married to someone else
           n.  long inward curve in a coast
           n. person who holds strong beliefs and opinions, and is intolerant of anyone who disagrees
         adj. intolerant and narrow-minded
         n. bigoted attitude or behaviour
            n.  bicycle
       adj. having two sides; affecting or involving two parties, countries, etc
    n. principle based on bilateral agreements between countries, esp in trade and finance
            n.  bitter yellowish liquid produced by the liver to help the body to digest fats
           n.  almost flat part of the bottom of a ship, inside or outside ,
       adj.  able to speak two languages equally well
         adj.  caused by or suffering from too much bile
            v. ~ sb of sth) avoid paying money to sb; cheat sb (out of sth)
            n.  (US check) written statement of money owed for goods or services supplied
         pron, det  1000000000000; one million million(s) ; .
          n.  large wave
       [ billow: ] a large sea wave
         adj. rising or moving like waves
       adj. produced or happening every second month or twice a month
             n.  large container, usu with a lid, for storing bread, flour, coal, wine, etc
            v.  ~ A (to B); ~ A and B (together) tie or fasten, eg with rope
           n.  time of wild or excessive eating and drinking
      n. instrumentwith a lens for each eye, making distant objects seem nearer
      n. person who writes a biography
    [ biography: ] an account of a person's life by another
       n. story of a person's life written by sb else
        [ biological: ] of or relating to biology
      adj. of or relating to biology
       n. expert in biology
         n. scientific study of the life and structure of plants and animals
       gaseous envelope
      adj. of or involving two political parties
           n. animal with two feet
         n. early type of aeroplane with two sets of wings, one above the other
           n.  type of northern forest tree with smooth bark and thin branches
            n.  feathered animal with two wings and two legs, usu able to fly
           n.  emergence of young from the mother's body; being born or bearing young
        a  an anniversary of the day of one's birth
      n. privilege or property which a person may claim because of birth or status
         n.  small flat thin piece of pastry baked crisp
          n.  senior clergyman in charge of the work of the Church in a city or district
           n.  American buffalo
             n.  small piece or amount (of sth)
            v.  ~ (into sth) cut into or nip (sth/sb) with the teeth
          adj.  causing a smarting pain
          pt of bite1
          adj.  having a sharp taste like aspirin or unsweetened coffee; not sweet
        adv. in a bitter way
      n.
      adj. containing bitumen
         n. shellfish with a hinged double shell, eg a mussel or clam
         n. temporary camp without tents or any other cover, esp used by soldiers or mountaineers 
         adj. strange in appearance or effect; grotesque; eccentric ;
            v. (infml )  give away a secret by indiscreet talk; confess
           adj.  of the very darkest colour, like coal or soot; opposite of white; of a colour very similar to this
       v. prevent from joining a club or group by voting against him in a ballot
      n.  wild shrub with thorny stems
      n. dark-coloured board used for writing on with chalk, esp in a school classroom
         v.  make or become black or very dark
       n.  demanding money by threatening to reveal information which could harm him
        the extinguishing or hiding of all artificial light, esp. in a city visible to an enemy attack from the air
      n. person whose job is to make and repair things made of iron, esp horseshoes
           n.  flat cutting part of a knife, sword, chisel, etc
           v.  ~ sb ~ sth on sb consider or say that sb is responsible for sth done (badly or wrongly) or not done
          v.  prepare by putting briefly in boiling water; scald
           adj.  gentle or casual in manner; showing no strong emotions; suave ;
    n. (fml ) flattering or coaxing words and actions
   flattery intended to coax or cajol
       polite manner/comforting/uninteresting
           adj.  without writing or print; unmarked
         n.  thick woollen covering used, esp on beds, for keeping people warm
           v.  ~ make a loud harsh sound like a trumpet
         n. smooth talk that flatters and deceives people
           adj. ~ bored or not impressed by things because one has already experienced or seen them so often
       v. ~ swear or curse using the name of God; speak in an irreverent way about (God or sacred things)
      n. person who blasphemes
     adj. showing contempt or irreverence for God and sacred things
       n. blasphemous behaviour or language
           n.  explosion; destructive wave of air from an explosion
        n. blatant quality
         adj. very obvious; unashamed; flagrant
       adv.
           n.  bright flame or fire
          n. heraldic shield; coat of arms ;
          v. become white or pale (by chemical action or sunlight)
        [ bleach: ] to make or become white or colourless, as by exposure to sunlight, by the action of chemical agents, etc
       n. cheap seats at a sports ground that are not roofed over
           adj.  (of a landscape) bare; exposed; wind-swept
           v.  lose or emit blood
        adj. = bloody2
         n.  mark or stain that spoils the beauty or perfection of sb/sth
          v. make a sudden movement because of fear; flinch ;
           v.  mix in order to get a certain quality
         n. = liquidizer (liquidize)
           v.  ask God's favour and protection for (sb/sth)
         adj.  holy; sacred
        n.  God's favour and protection
            pt of blow
          n.  disease that withers plants
        (adj.) causing frustration or destruction
           n. small airship without a rigid frame
           adj.  unable to see
       v. cover the eyes of with a bandage, cloth, etc so that he cannot see
      [ blinding: ] sand or grit spread over a road surface to fill up cracks
       n.
          [ blind: ] a  unable to see; sightless
           v.  shut and open the eyes quickly
           n. perfect happiness; great joy
        adj. extremely happy; joyful
          adj. happy and carefree; casual
        adv. in a blithe manner
      Cheerful.
           n.  sudden intensive military attack, esp from the air
        n. severe snowstorm
         adj. swollen with fat, gas or liquid
           n.  large solid piece of wood, stone, metal, etc, usu with flat surfaces
and tackle lifting device consisting of ropes and pulleys
        n.  surrounding or closing of a place by warships or soldiers to prevent people or goods getting in or out
        n. thing that blocks; obstruction
     a large bomb used to demolish extensive areas
           n, adj having golden or pale-coloured hair
           n.  red liquid flowing through the bodies of humans and animals
          adj.  covered with blood; bleeding
           n.  flower, esp of plants admired chiefly for their flowers
        adj. , adv = bloody2
         n.  flower, esp of a fruit tree or flowering shrub
            n.  spot or stain made by ink, etc
          n. large discoloured mark, usu irregular in shape
          adj. very drunk
          n.  garment like a shirt, worn by women
            v. (pt blew/ blu
          (of the wind or a current of air) be moving
          n.  device that produces a current of air
        a very boastful and talkative person
           pp of blow1
        n. short thick stick with a heavy end, used as a weapon
            adj.  having the colour of a clear sky or the sea on a sunny day
      n. large buzzing fly with a blue body
       n.  photographic print of building plans, with white lines on a blue background
           [ blue: ] any of a group of colours, such as that of a clear unclouded sky, that have wavelengths in the range 490--445 nanometres. Blue is the complementary colour of yellow and with red and green forms a set of primary colours
           v.  try to deceive by pretending to be stronger, braver, cleverer, etc than one is
        [ bluff: ] to pretend to be confident about an uncertain issue or to have undisclosed resources, in order to influence or deter
         n. stupid or careless mistake
       n. person who makes blunders
      [ blunder: ] a stupid or clumsy mistake
           adj.  without a sharp edge or a point
         [ blunt: ] (esp. of a knife or blade) lacking sharpness or keenness; dull
            to make indistinct and hazy in outline or appearance;obscure
           n. publisher's short description of the contents of a book, usu printed on the jacket or cover
           v. blurt sth out say sth suddenly and tactlessly
           v.  ~ (at sth) become red in the face (because of sth)
         v.  blow fiercely or in strong gusts
           n.  long thin flat piece of cut wood used for building walls, floors, boats, etc
           v.  ~ talk (about one's own achievements, abilities, etc) with too much pride and satisfaction
        adj. (of a person) often boasting
      adv.
            n.  small vessel for travelling in on water, moved by oars, sails or a motor
       n. senior seaman on a ship who supervises the crew and is responsible for the ship's equipment
         n.  tail cut short
            v.  be a sign of (sth coming)
          n.  upper part of a woman's dress, down to the waist
          adj. of the human body; physical
          an omen, prediction, or presentiment especially of coming evil:PORTENT ,FOREBODING
            n.  whole physical structure of a human being or an animal
       n. man or group of men whose job is to protect an important person
             n.  wet spongy ground formed of decaying vegetation
          v.  ~ (infml ) hesitate (at sth) in alarm or amazement
           adj. soft and wet
           adj. not genuine; false
        n, adj having or displaying a very informal and unconventional way of life ,
            n. infected swelling under the skin, producing pus
          n.  metal container in which water is heated, eg to produce steam in an engine
      adj.  noisy, lively and cheerful
            adj.  confident and brave; daring; enterprising
        n.
            n. trunk of a tree
          n. 1 (music for a) type of Spanish dance
            n. seed-case of the cotton plant or flax
         n. long pillow, usu shaped like a roll, across the head of a bed
            n.  metal bar that slides into a socket to lock a door, window, etc
          [ bolt: ] a bar that can be slid into a socket to lock a door, gate, etc
            n.  container filled with explosive or incendiary material, made to explode when dropped or thrown, or by a timing device
         v. ~ sb/sth attack (a place) with bombs or shells (esp from big guns)
      n.  non-commissioned officer in an artillery regiment below a sergeant
     n.
         n. pompous and meaningless words
       adj. pompous and empty
          n.  aircraft that carries and drops bombs
         n.  source of sudden great wealth or luck; increase in profits
            n.  written agreement or promise that has legal force; covenant
         n. slavery; captivity
            n.  any of the hard parts that form the skeleton of an animal's body
        n. hearty cheerfulness of manner
          n.  hat tied with strings under the chin, worn by babies and formerly by women
           adj. (approv esp Scot , ) attractive or beautiful; healthy-looking
           n.  payment added to what is usual or expected, eg an extra dividend paid to shareholders in a company or to holders of an insurance policy
            adj.  of or like bone
             interj, n  sound made to show disapproval or contempt
            n.  number of printed or written sheets of paper bound together in a cover
        n. piece of furniture with shelves for books
         adj.  fond of reading; studious
         n. thin book, usu in paper covers
            v.  make a deep hollow resonant sound
            n.  request or favour (used esp with the vs shown)
            n. rough, rude or insensitive man
         adj. of or like a boor
     n.
           v. increase the strength or value of help or encourage (sb/sth)
         n.  thing that boosts
            n.  outer covering for the foot and ankle, made of eg leather or rubber
           n.  small, usu temporary, stall where goods are sold or displayed at a market, a fair or an exhibition
        adj. without advantage or benefit; useless
           n. things taken by thieves or captured from an enemy in war; loot; plunder ;
           v. drink alcoholic liquor, esp in large quantities
          n.  (land near the) line dividing two countries or areas; frontier
            v.  make with a revolving tool or by digging
         n. state of being bored
          adj. uninteresting; dull; tedious
            v.  be born come into the world by birth
           pp of bear2.
         n.  town or district with a corporation and certain rights of self-government granted by royal charter
          v. ~ (from sb/sth)  receive or obtain (sth) temporarily (from sb/sth), with the promise or intention of returning it
        n. person who borrows
           n.  person's chest, esp a woman's breasts
            n. person who controls or gives orders to workers; manager; employer
       adj. of or relating to botany
        n. expert in botany
        To study plant-life.
          n. scientific study of plants and their structure
           v. ~ sth spoil sth by poor or clumsy work; repair sth badly
            adj.  the two; the one as well as the other
          v.  ~ sb (about/with sth) cause trouble or annoyance to sb; pester sb
          n.  glass or plastic container, usu with a narrow neck, used for storing liquids
      n. a narrow or obstructed section, as of a highway or a pipeline.
          n.  lowest part or point of sth
        n. type of severe food poisoning caused by bacteria in badly preserved food
         n. woman's bedroom or private sitting-room
           n. any of the main branches of a tree
          pt, pp of buy
        n. thin clear soup or broth; stock ;
         n. large rock worn and shaped by water or the weather
          v.  spring back when sent against sth hard
          adj.  (of a ball) able to bounce
           v. form the boundary of (sth); limit
        n.  line that marks a limit; dividing line
         (of a set) having a bound, esp. where a measure is defined in terms of which all the elements of the set, or the differences between all pairs of members, are less than some value, or else all its members lie within some other well-defined set
       adj. without limits
       adj.  (of a person) generous
       adj.  giving generously
          n.  generosity in giving; liberality
         n.  bunch of flowers for carrying in the hand
       adj.  of or relating to the property-owning middle class
            n.  ~ short period of a specified activity
          adj.  of or relating to cattle
             n.  piece of wood bent into a curve by a tight string joining its ends, used as a weapon for shooting arrows
      expurgate
           n.  shady place under trees or climbing-plants in a wood or garden; arbour ;
            n.  (esp in compounds ) deep round dish, used esp for holding food or liquid
          n.  person who bowls in cricket
             n.  (esp in compounds ) container made of wood, cardboard, metal, etc with a flat base and usu a lid, for holding solids
           n.  person who boxes, esp as a sport
          n. sport of fighting with the fists . `boxing-glove n either of a pair of padded gloves worn for boxing .
             n.  male child; son
         v. (usu of a group of people) refuse to have social or commercial relations with (a person, company, country, etc)
         n. state or time of being a boy
          adj. of or like a boy
           n.  device that clamps things together or holds and supports them in position
        n. ornamental band worn on the wrist or arm
         adj. invigorating; stimulating
         n.  wooden or metal angle-shaped support fixed to or built into a wall to hold a shelf, etc ,
        adj. slightly salty
            n. steep slope; hillside ;
            v. ~ (about/of sth) talk with too much pride (about sth); boast
     a:empty boasting  b:arrogant pretension:COCKINESS
        n. person who brags
           n.  number of threads of silk, cotton, etc woven together in a narrow band for decorating clothes and material
         Produced by or as if by braiding
        braids collectively
           n.  organ of the body that controls thought, memory and feeling, consisting of a mass of soft grey matter inside the head
           n. device for reducing the speed of or stopping a car, bicycle, train, etc
          n.  arm-like division of a tree, growing from the trunk or from a bough
           n.  particular make of goods or their trade mark
        v. wave in a triumphant or threatening way; display
          n. strong alcoholic drink distilled from wine or fermented fruit-juice
           adj.  (of a person, his manner, etc) confident in a rude or aggressive way; impudently self-assertive
           n.  bright yellow metal made by mixing copper and zinc
          adj.  like brass in colour
            n. child, esp a badly-behaved one
        an ill-mannered annoying child
         n. display of boldness
           adj.  (of a person) ready to face and endure danger, pain or suffering; having no fear; courageous
         n. being brave; courage
           interj, n shout of approval, esp to an actor or a performer
         n. brilliant style or technique
           n. noisy quarrel or fight
           n.  strong muscles; muscular strength
          adj. strong and muscular
            n. cry of a donkey
           To make of or ornament with brass.
          adj.  shameless; insolent
        adv. shamelessly
         n. open metal framework for holding a charcoal or coal fire
          n.  breaking or neglect
           n.  food made of flour, water and usu yeast, kneaded and then baked
         n.  distance or measurement from side to side; width
           v. ~ (in/into sth) (of a whole object) separate into two or more parts as a result of force or strain (but not by cutting)
       n.  mechanical failure
         n.  large wave that breaks into foam as it moves towards the shore
       n.  first meal of the day
    n.  act of breaking through an enemy's defences
          n.  either of the two parts of a woman's body that produce milk
          n.  (also infml  puff) air taken into and sent out of the lungs
         v.  take air into the lungs and send it out again
    adj. very exciting; spectacular
            pt, pp of breed
          n. back part of a gun barrel where the bullet or shell is placed
           v.  (of animals) produce young
         n. person who breeds animals
          n.  light wind
       n. covered, often enclosed, passageway between two buildings ,
        n. brothers
        n. book of prayers to be said daily by Roman Catholic priests
         n.  shortness or briefness
           n. thing given, offered or promised to sb to influence or persuade him to do sth for the giver
     n. ornaments, trinkets and small items of furniture of little value
           n.  baked or dried clay used for building
      a person trained or skilled in laying brick
           n. woman on or just before her wedding-day; newly married woman ;
      n. man on or just before his wedding-day; newly married man
          n.  structure of wood, iron, concrete, etc, providing a way across a river, road, railway, etc
          n. part of a horse's harness that goes on its head, including the metal bit for the mouth, the straps and the reins
           adj.  lasting only a short time; short
         adv.  for a short time
         n.  army unit, usu of three battalions, forming part of a division
       n. officer in the British Army between the ranks of colonel and major general, commanding a brigade; staff officer having similar status , ; .
         n. member of a band of robbers, esp one attacking travellers in forests and mountains ,
          adj.  giving out or reflecting much light; shining
        v. ~ (up) (cause sth/sb to) become brighter, more cheerful or more hopeful
      n.
      brilliancy  ns
       adj.  very bright; sparkling
     adv.
            n.  top edge of a cup, bowl, glass, etc
         adj. ~ full to the brim (with sth)
        [ brim: ] the upper rim of a vessel
       n.  sulphur
        adj. brown with streaks of another colour
           n.  very salty water used esp for pickling
           v. ~ sb/sth (with one); ~ sth (for sb) come carrying sth or accompanied by sb
           n.  edge at the top of a steep high place, eg a cliff
           adj.  quick; active; energetic
         n.  short stiff hair
       rising like bristles; showing irritation
         n. = Great Britain
       A word, idiom, or phrase characteristic of Great Britain or the British.
         adj.  of the United Kingdom or its inhabitants
         adj.  hard but easily broken; fragile
     n.
          v.  make a hole in to draw off the liquid inside; open (a bottle, etc) to use the contents
           adj.  large in size from one side to the other; wide
       v.  send out (programmes) by radio or television
         v. ~ (cause sth to) become broader
         n. fabric woven with a raised pattern, esp of gold or silver threads
        n. booklet or pamphlet containing information about sth or advertising sth
          A coarse, heavy shoe.
          n. strong outdoor shoe with thick soles and a pattern in the leather
           v.  cook (meat) on a fire or gridiron; grill
           pt of break1
          pp of break1
          n.  person who buys and sells things for others; middleman
       n. broker's fee or commission
         n.  chemical compound of bromine, used in medicine to calm the nerves
         n. chemical element, a non-metallic liquid, compounds of which are used in medicine and photography .
      adj. suffering from or prone to bronchitis
      n. inflammationof the mucous membrane inside the bronchial tubes
        Either of the two subdivisions of the trachea conveying air into the lungs.
          n.  alloy of copper and tin
          n. ornament with a hinged pin and clasp, worn on women's clothes ,
           n.  all the young birds or other animals produced at one hatching or birth
           n. small stream
           n. shrub with yellow or white flowers growing esp on sandy ground
         n.  man or boy having the same parents as another person
     n.  relationship of brothers
         pt, pp of bring
        n. noisy excitement or commotion
            n.  = eyebrow
        v. ~ sb (into doing sth) frighten sb with stern looks and words; bully ; intimidate
      adj. frightened through constant bullying
           adj.  having the colour of toasted bread, or coffee mixed with milk
          v.  examine books in a casual, leisurely way
          n. injury caused by a blow to the body or to a fruit, discolouring the skin but not breaking it
         [ bruise: ] [also intr]  to injure (tissues) without breaking the skin, usually with discoloration, or (of tissues) to be injured in this way
           v. ~ sth abroad/about (fml or joc ) spread (a rumour or report)
           n. bear the brunt of sth
           n.  implement with bristles of hair, wire, nylon, etc set in a block of wood, etc and used for scrubbing, sweeping, cleaning, painting, tidying the hair, etc
       n. particular way in which an artist paints with a brush
         adj. rough and abrupt; curt
          adj. cruel; savage; merciless
       n.  brutal behaviour; cruelty; savagery ;
           n.  animal, esp a large or fierce one
         adj. of or like a brute
          n.  floating ball formed of liquid and containing air or gas
       n.  pirate
            n.  male deer, hare or rabbit
          n.  round open container with a handle for carrying or holding liquids, sand, etc
          n.  metal or plastic clasp with a hinged spike for fastening a belt or straps
        n. soft leather made from the skin of deer or goats, used for making gloves, bags, etc
         adj. of country life or the countryside; rustic ;
             n.  small knob from which a flower, branch or cluster of leaves develops
        n. Asian religion based on the teachings of the N Indian philosopher Gautama Siddartha or Buddha
           v.  (cause sth to) move slightly
          n.  estimate or plan of how money will be spent over a period of time, in relation to the amount of money available
       adj. of a budget
            n.  strong soft dull-yellow leather
         n. large ox of various kinds, including the wild S African buffalo, the tame (often domesticated) Asian buffalo and the N American bison
          n.  device for lessening the effect of a blow or collision, esp on a railway vehicle or at the end of a railway track ,
          n.  counter where food and drink may be bought and consumed, esp in a railway station or on a train
         n. ridiculous but amusing person; clown
      n. ridiculous behaviour; clowning ;
             n.  small flat foul-smelling insect infesting dirty houses and beds
         bugbear; object of baseless terror
           n.  small strongly-built motor vehicle
           n. brass musical instrument like a small trumpet but without keys or valves, used for giving military signals .
           v.  ~ sth (of/from/out of sth); ~ sth (for sb) make or construct sth by putting parts or material together
         n.  person who builds, esp one whose job is building houses, etc
        n.  constructing houses, etc
           having the specified build
        adj. constructed to form part of a structure
            n.  thick rounded underground stem of certain plants sending roots downwards and leaves upwards
         adj.  growing from a bulb
           n.  rounded swelling; outward curve
            n.  size, quantity or volume, esp when great
            n.  uncastrated male of any animal in the ox family
        v.  remove or flatten with a bulldozer
       n. powerful tractor with a broad steel blade in front, used for moving earth or clearing ground .
          n.  small missile, usu round or cylindrical with a pointed end, fired from a gun or rifle
        n.  short official statement of news
       n. traditional public entertainment, esp in Spain and S America, in which bulls are baited and usu killed in the arena
         n. gold or silver in bulk or bars, before it is made into coins, etc
         n. bull that has been castrated
           n. person who uses his strength or power to frighten or hurt weaker people
         n. type of tall rushwith a thick velvety head
         n.  wall, esp of earth, built as a defence
             n. part of the body on which one sits; buttocks
          v.  ~ (about sth) speak in a rambling and clumsy manner
        adj. behaving in a clumsy disorganized way
            v.  ~ against/into sb/sth knock or strike sth with a dull-sounding blow; collide with sth
          n. bar fixed to the front and back of a motor vehicle to lessen the effect of a collision .
         n. awkward or simple person from the country
       adj. (of a person, his manner, etc) self-important and conceited
           n.  number of things growing, fastened or grouped together
          n.  collection of things fastened or wrapped together
            n. stopper for closing the hole in a barrel or jar
          v. do badly or clumsily; spoil (a task) through lack of skill
         n. person who bungles
            n.  floating object anchored to the bottom of the sea, a river, etc to mark places that are dangerous for boats or to show where boats may go, etc
        cheerfulness that bubbles to the surface ; the property of something weightless and insubstantial
         adj.  (of an object) able to float
          n.  thing or person that is carried; heavy load
      adj. hard to bear; troublesome
          n.  (Brit) writing desk with drawers
     n.  system of government through departments managed by State officials, not by elected representatives
    adj. of, like or relating to a bureau-cracy or bureaucrats
[ bureaucratize: ] to administer by or transform into a bureaucracy
         v.  (of a plant) put out leaves; sprout
      [ burgeon: ] [often foll by forth or out]  (of a plant) to sprout (buds)
         In colonial times, a member of the lower house of the legislature of Maryland or Virginia.
         n. (esp respectable) citizen of a particular town
         n. person who enters a building illegally, esp by force, in order to steal
          v. steal from (a house or person) after entering a building illegally
          n. burying, esp of a dead body; funeral
       n.  comic or exaggerated imitation; parody
           adj. with a strong heavy body; sturdy
            n. small stream
          n.  part of a gas lamp, oven, etc from which the light or flame comes
         v. make smooth and shiny by rubbing; polish
           to make shiny or lustrous especially by rubbing
          n. hole made in the ground and used as a home or shelter by rabbits, foxes, etc
          n.  person who manages the finances of a school or college
           v.  (cause sth to) break violently open or apart, esp because of pressure from inside; explode
            v.  place (a dead body) in a grave or in the sea
             n.  large vehicle carrying passengers between stopping-places along a fixed route
            n.  low thickly-growing plant with several woody stems coming up from the root; shrub
          adj. very tired
          n.  measure for grain and fruit , 836.4
        n.  one's usual occupation; profession
          n. a busman's `holiday holiday spent doing the same thing that one does at work
            n.  sculpture of a person's head, shoulders and chest
          v.  move busily and energetically (in the specified direction)
        [ bustle: ] [when intr, often foll by about]  to hurry or cause to hurry with a great show of energy or activity
            adj. ~ (at/with sth); ~ (doing sth) having much to do; working (on sth); occupied (with sth)
        n. person who interferes in other people's affairs
             adv.  only
         n.  person whose job is killing animals for food or cutting up and selling meat
            n.  large cask or barrel for storing wine or beer
           A conspicuous hill, low mountain, or natural turret, generally isolated.
          n.  fatty food substance, made from cream by churning, that is spread on bread, etc or used in cooking
       n.  insect with a long thin body and four wings .
          n.  knob or disc made of wood, metal, etc sewn onto a garment as a fastener or as an ornament
        n.  support built against a wall .
           adj. (of women) plump and healthy-looking; having a large bosom ;
             v. ~ sth (for sb) obtain (sth) by giving money; purchase
           n.  person who buys
            v.  make a humming sound
         n. type of large hawk .
              adv. part  near
          adj. past
          n. line at the beginning or end of an article in a newspaper, etc, giving the writer's name
          n.  road by which traffic can go round a city, busy area, etc instead of through it
      n.  substance produced during the making of sth else
            cowshed
       n. person standingnear, but not taking part, when sth happens; onlooker
       adj.  of Byzantium or the E Roman Empire
           n. secret political plot
         n.  any of various types of vegetable with green or purple leaves, usu forming a round head .
           n.  small room or compartment on a ship, an aircraft or a spacecraft
         n.  piece of furniture with drawers or shelves for storing or displaying things
           n.  thick strong rope made of fibre or wire, used esp for tying up ships ,
           n. place for hiding food, treasure or weapons
          n.  respect or admiration that sb gets because of his reputation or his achievements; prestige
     (adj.) sounding jarring
       n. loud unpleasant mixture of discordant sounds
          n. any of various types of plants growing in hot dry regions, with thick fleshy stems and usu prickles, but no leaves .
             n. man who behaves dishonourably
         n. dead body of a person; corpse ;
      adj. looking like a corpse; very pale and gaunt ;
         n.  rhythm in sound
         n. elaborate passage played by the soloist, usu near the end of a movement in a concerto
           n. young person training to become a policeman or an officer in the armed forces
           v. ~ (from sb) (sometimes derog ) get or try to get (sth) (from sb) by asking, often unreasonably
            n. small inexpensive restaurant serving light meals and drinks
       n. restaurant in which customers collect their meals on trays from a counter
        n. stimulant drug found in tea leaves and coffee beans
            v.  put or keep in a cage
           adj. ~ (about sth) (infml ) cautious about giving information; wary; secretive
         n.  large watertight box or chamber in which men can work under water
         Cowardly.
          v. ~ sb(into/out of sth); ~ sb (into/out of doing sth) persuade sb (to do sth) by flattery or deceit; coax sb
        n.
            n.  sweet food made from a mixture of flour, eggs, butter, sugar, etc baked in a certain shape or size and usu iced or decorated
      adj. ~ involving or causing a calamity; disastrous ;
        n. serious misfortune or disaster
   n.
         v. (cause sth to) harden by a deposit of calcium salts
         n. chemical element, a greyish-white metal found as a compound in bones, teeth and chalk .
      adj. that can be calculated
       v.  work out by using numbers or one's judgement; estimate
      undertaken after considering the likelihood of success or failure
     adj. selfishly scheming; shrewd
     n.  calculating
      n.  small electronic device for making mathematical calculations
        n. branch of mathematics, divided into two parts (differential calculus and integral calculus), that deals with problems involving rates of variation
         = cauldron
        n.  chart showing the days, weeks and months of a particular year
            n. young of cattle
         ability; capacity
       v. mark or correct the units of measurement on
     n.  action of calibrating
         n.  diameter of the inside of a tube or gun-barrel
         = calliper
        metal supports attached to the legs/measuring instrument
            n.  shout; cry
into question 
          n. person who makes a brief visit or a telephone call
    one who writes a beautiful
     n. beautiful handwriting
       n. area of hardened skin; callus
         adj.  cruelly insensitive or unsympathetic
       adj. hardened; having calluses
          adj. immature and inexperienced
          n. area of thick hardened skin
            adj.  (of the sea) without large waves; still
         [ calm: ] almost without motion; still
        n.
         n.  unit for measuring a quantity of heat
       adj. of or producing heat
     an apparatus for measuring amounts of heat, esp. to find specific heat capacities, calorific values, etc.
      v. slander (sb)
      adj. slanderous
         n.  false statement about sb, made to damage his character
         The place where Christ was crucified.
          pl of calf1, calf
       n. religious teaching of the French Protestant John Calvin and of his followers , 1509-1564,
       n. follower of Calvin's teaching
     n. friendship and mutual trust; comradeship ;
            pt of come
           n.  animal with a long neck and one or two humps on its back, used in desert countries for riding and for carrying goods .
           n.  small piece of hard stone with a raised design, esp one with two coloured layers so that the background is of a different colour from the design
          n.  apparatus for taking photographs, moving pictures or television pictures
      n.  way of hiding or disguising soldiers, military equipment, etc, eg with paint, netting or leaves, so that they look like part of their surroundings
            n.  place where people (eg holiday-makers, Scouts or explorers) live temporarily in tents or huts
        n.  series of military operations with a particular aim, usu in one area
     n. study of bells and the art of bell-ringing
          n.  grounds and buildings of a university or college
             n. metal or plastic container for holding or carrying liquids
       A member of one of the three tribes that dwelt in the land of Canaan, or western Palestine.
          a country in North America: the second largest country in the world; first permanent settlements made by the French from 1605
        n, adj of Canada
           n.  channel cut through land for boats or ships to travel along, or to carry water for irrigation
          n. false report or rumour
          n. small yellow songbird, usu kept in a cage as a pet
          v.  say that (sth already arranged and decided upon) will not be done or take place; call off
          n.  the fourth sign of the zodiac, the Crab
       n. of, like or affected with cancer
         n. unit for measuring the intensity of light
          adj. not hiding one's thoughts; frank and honest
       [ candidate: ] a person seeking or nominated for election to a position of authority or honour or selection for a job, promotion, etc.
       n.  person who applies for a job or is nominated for election
     n. being a candidate
          n.  round stick of wax with a wick through it which is lit to give light as it burns .
          unreserved, honest, or sincere expression:FORTHRIGHTNESS
           n.  sugar hardened by repeated boiling
            n.  hollow jointed stem of certain plants, eg bamboo or sugar-cane
          adj. of, like or relating to dogs
          n.  disease that destroys the wood of plants and trees
       adj. of, like or causing canker
        n. person who eats human flesh
     n. practice of eating one's own kind . cannibalistic/ adj of or like cannibals
          n.  old type of large heavy gun firing solid metal balls
           adj. shrewd and careful, esp in business matters
           n.  light narrow boat moved by one or more paddles
           n.  general rule, standard or principle by which sth is judged
       adj.  according to canon law
          n.  hanging cover forming a shelter above a throne, bed, etc ,
            n.  insincere talk, esp about religion or morality; hypocrisy ;
    adj. bad-tempered; quarrelsome ;
         n. short musical work, often on a religious subject, sung by soloists and usu a choir, accompanied by an orchestra
         n.  place serving food and drink in a factory, an office, a school, etc
          n.  (of a horse) movement that is faster than a trot but slower than a gallop
           n. any of the main divisions of a long poem
      n.  place where soldiers live
          n.  strong coarse cloth used for making tents, sails, etc and by artists for painting on
         v.  ~ (for sth) go around an area asking (people) for (political support)
          n. deep gorge, usu with a river flowing through it
             n.  soft head-covering without a brim but often with a peak, worn by men and boys
      n.  ~ ~ (for sth) quality of being able to do sth; ability
         adj.  having ability; able; competent
         adv. in a capableway
       adj. that can hold much; roomy
     the property of a system that enables it to store electric charge
       a device for accumulating electric charge, usually consisting of two conducting surfaces separated by a dielectric
        n.  ability to hold or contain sth
       n. (formerly) decorated covering for a horse, or for a horse and knight
            n. loose sleeveless garment like a cloak but usu shorter
           v. ~ jump or run about playfully
       n. any of the very narrow blood vessels connecting arteries and veins in the body
         n.  town or city that is the centre of government of a country, state or province
      n. economicsystem in which a country's trade and industry are controlled by private owners for profit, rather than by the State
      n. tax, fee or grant of an equal amount for each person
      v. ~ surrender (to sb), esp on agreed conditions
    n. capitulating
         n.  sudden change in attitude or behaviour with no obvious cause; whim ;
      adj. characterized by sudden changes in attitude or behaviour; unpredictable; impulsive
  n.
         v. overturn or be overturned
         n.  seed-case of a plant that opens when the seeds are ripe
         n.  person in charge of a ship or civil aircraft
       n. position of captain
         n.  short title or heading of an article in a magazine, etc ,
        adj. fond of criticizingor raising objections about unimportant matters; quibbling ;
      adv.
       v. fascinate (sb); charm; enchant
     adj. fascinating; charming
     n.
         adj.  held as a prisoner; unable to escape
         v.  take as a prisoner
             n.  motor vehicle with (usu four) wheels for carrying passengers
          n.  glass container in which wine or water are served at meals .
        n. shell on the back of a tortoise or crustacean
           n.  unit of weight (
    n.  any of various types of organic compound, such as sugar and starch, containing carbon, hydrogen and oxygen
          n.  non-metallic chemical element that is present in all living matter and occurs in its pure form as diamond and graphite .
       a salt or ester of carbonic acid. Carbonate salts contain the divalent ion CO32--
      adj. containing carbon dioxide; fizzy
         n.  dead body of an animal, esp one prepared for cutting up as meat
      "carcino'genic adjective
    [ carcinogen: ] "carcino'genic adjective
            n.  thick stiff paper or thin pasteboard
       n.  thick stiff type of paper or pasteboard used for making boxes, binding books, etc
         adj. of or relating to the heart or heart disease
        n. knitted woollen jacket, usu with no collar and with buttons at the front
        adj. most important; chief; fundamental
    n.
      n. branch of medicine concerned with the heart and its diseases
            n.  ~ serious attention or thought
          v.  turn on its side (esp for cleaning or repairing)
          n.  profession or occupation with opportunities for advancement or promotion
        adj. without responsibilities or worries; cheerful
         adj. ~ (about/in) doing sth taking care; cautious
        adj.  ~ not taking care; inattentive; thoughtless
      adv.
    n.
          n. loving touch or stroke
           n. symbol used to show where sth is to be inserted in written or printed material
        adj. showing signs of much worry
           n. (load of) goods carried in a ship or aircraft
         n. N American reindeer
      n. picture,description or imitation of sb/sth that exaggerates certain characteristics in order to amuse or ridicule
        n.  set of bells sounded either from a keyboard or mechanically
         adj. n deep red colour
         n. killing of many people
          adj. of the body; sexual or sensual
       n. garden plant with sweet-smelling white, pink or red flowers
        n. (period of) public festivities and merry-making occurring at a regular time of year, eg in Roman Catholic countries during the week before Lent
       n. flesh-eatinganimal
     adj. flesh-eating
           n. joyful song, esp a Christmas hymn
        (noisy party with) drinking and merry-making
         v. drink and be merry with others (at a noisy meal, party, etc)
            n. type of large edible freshwater fish that lives in lakes and ponds
       n. person whose job is making or repairing wooden objects and structures
       n. art or work of a carpenter
          n.  thick woollen or synthetic fabric for covering floors
         adj. tending to make petty complaints; fault-finding
        n.  vehicle (usu with four wheels), pulled by a horse or horses, for carrying people
         n.  person or thing that carries sth
         n. dead and decaying flesh
          n.  plant with a long pointed orange root
           v.  support the weight of (sb/sth) and take (him/it) from place to place; take from one place to another
            n.  vehicle with two or four wheels used for carrying loads and usu pulled by a horse
       n. tough white flexible tissue attached to the bones of animals; gristle
    n. person who draws maps and charts
     n. art of drawing maps and charts
         n.  amusing drawing in a newspaper or magazine, esp one that comments satirically on current events
      n. person who draws cartoons
       n.  tube or case containing explosive (for blasting), or explosive with a bullet or shot (for firing from a gun)
           v.  ~ (in sth); ~ sth (out of/from/of/in sth) form (sth) by cutting away material from wood or stone
        n. statue of a female figure used as a supporting pillar in a building
         n.  waterfall, esp one of a series forming a large waterfall
            n.  instance or example of the occurrence of sth
            n.  money in coins or notes
         n. person whose job is to receive and pay out money in a bank, shop, hotel, etc
        n. small sealed case containing a reel of film or magnetic tape
            v.  throw (sth), esp deliberately or with force
           n.  any of the hereditary Hindu social classes
       n. scold, criticize or punish (sb) severely
     severe punishment
          large fortified building or group of buildings with thick walls, towers, battlements and sometimes a moat
        v. remove the testicles of (a male animal or person); geld
          adj.  happening by chance
        n.  person who is killed or injured in war or in an accident
       n. resolving of moral problems, esp by the use of clever but false reasoning; sophistry ;
             n.  small furry domesticated animal often kept as a pet or for catching mice
       n. sudden violentchange or disaster, eg a flood, an earthquake, a revolution or a war
     adj. the cataclysmic events of 1939-45 1939-1945
         [ catalogue: ] a complete, usually alphabetical list of items, often with notes giving details
       n.  complete list of items, usu in a special order and with a description of each
       n. process of speeding up a chemical reaction with a catalyst
        n.  substance that speeds up a chemical reaction without itself changing
       adj. of or causing catalysis
        vt. to modify, especially to increase, the rate of (a chemical reaction) by catalysis
        n.  Y-shaped stick with a piece of elastic attached to it, used esp by children for shooting stones .
        n.  large steep waterfall
     n. sudden great disaster or misfortune
    [ catastrophe: ] a sudden, extensive, or notable disaster or misfortune
         n. shrill whistle expressing disapproval
           v. stop and hold (a moving object) esp in the hands
       n. summary of the principles of a religion in the form of questions and answers
     adj. unconditional; absolute; explicit
        n. class or group of things in a complete system of grouping
           v.  ~ (for sth/sb) provide food and services, esp at social functions
         n.  person whose job is providing food for large social events
     n.  larva of a butterfly or moth
       n. (instance of the) release of strong feelings through the effect of art, esp drama
       adj. causing catharsis; purgative ;  n. purgative drug
       n. main church of a district under the care of a bishop
         n. negative electrode, by which an electric current leaves a device such as a battery
        adj.  = Roman Catholic (Roman)
     n. = Roman Catholicism (Roman)
     n. universalityor breadth
          n. animals with horns and cloven hoofs such as cows, bulls and bullocks, bred for their milk or meat; oxen
          n.  (meeting of the) parliamentary members of a particular political party or any other legislature
          pt, pp of catch
           v. make (esp a boat) watertight by filling the seams or joints with waterproof material
          adj.  of or forming a cause; relating to cause and effect ;
       n. relationship between cause and effect
           n.  that which produces an effect; thing, event, person, etc that makes sth happen
         adj.  that can burn or destroy things by chemical action
     adv. in a causticway
       burn with hot iron or caustic
         n.  being careful to avoid danger or mistakes; prudence
      adj. giving advice or a warning
        adj. ~ showing or having caution(1); careful
       n. procession of people on horseback, in cars, etc
        n.  Cavalier supporter of Charles I in the English Civil War
         n. soldiers fighting on horseback or in armoured vehicles
            n. hollow place in the side of a cliff or hill, or underground
          n.  warning; proviso
         n. sudden collapse of a roof, etc
         n.  person living in caves, esp in prehistoric times
          n. cave, esp a large or dark one
           v. ~ (at sth) (fml ) make unnecessary complaints (about sth)
          n. empty space within sth solid, eg a hole in a tooth ,
          v. ~ jump about excitedly
           v.  come or bring (sth) to an end; stop
            v. ~ sth give up one's rights to or possession of sth
            vt. to line (a ceiling) with plaster, boarding, etc.
         n.  top inner surface of a room
       v.  mark (a happy or important day, event, etc) with festivities and rejoicing
      adj. ~ famous
     n. celebrating
       n.  famous person
        n. quickness
       adj.  of the sky
        n. living unmarried, esp for religious reasons
        adj.  remaining unmarried, esp for religious reasons
            n.  very small room, eg for a monk in a monastery or for one or more prisoners in a prison
          n.  underground room for storing things
         n. person who plays the cello
           n. stringed musical instrument like a large violin, held between the knees by a seated player .
        adj.  of or consisting of cells (cell 4)
          n.  grey powder, made by burning lime and clay, that sets hard after mixing with water and is used in building to stick bricks together or for making very hard surfaces
        n. area of land, not a churchyard, used for burying the dead ,
          n.  person authorized toexamine books, films, plays, letters, etc and remove partswhich are considered indecent, offensive, politically unacceptable or a threat to security
      adj. tending to find faults in people or things; severely critical ;
      n. act or policy of censoring books, etc
         v. ~ sb criticize sb severely; rebuke sb formally
          n. official counting of a country's population or of other classes of things, eg traffic, for statistical purposes
            n. one 100th part of a US dollar or of certain other metric units of currency
         n. one of a tribe of creatures with a man's head, arms and upper body on a horse's body and legs
     n, adj 100 years old or more
       n. 100th anniversary of sth 100
      n. = centenary
          = centre
      adj. of or using a temperature scale with the freezing-point of water at 0 and the boiling-point at 100
      A hundredth of a liter.
      A length of one hundredth of a meter.
      n. one 100th part of a metre .
       n. small crawling insect-like creature with a long thin body, numerous joints and a pair of legs at each joint
         adj.  of, at, near or forming the centre of sth
  [ centralize: ] to draw or move (something) to or towards a centre
      to draw or move (something) to or towards a centre
          n.  point that is equally distant from all sides of sth; middle point or part of sth
     adj. moving away from the centre or axis
      n. rotating machine using centrifugal force to separate substances, eg milk and cream
     adj. moving towards the centre or axis
       n. officer commanding a unit of 100 soldiers
         n.  period of 100 years 100
        of or relating to the head
         adj. of or relating to pottery
        n.  art of making and decorating pottery
          n. any of various types of grass producing edible grains, eg wheat, rye, oats, barley .
        adj.  of the brain
       (usually facetious)
     n. working of the brain; thinking ;
        anterior portion of the brain consisting of two hemispheres; dominant part of the brain in humans
      adj. of, used for or involving a ceremony; formal
     adj. full of ceremony; very formal ;
 [ ceremonious: ] especially or excessively polite or formal
        n.  formal act or series of formal acts performed on a religious or public occasion
         adj.  ~ ~ (to do sth) sure beyond doubt; that can be relied on
       adv.  without doubt; definitely
       n.  thing that is certain
     n. official written or printed statement that may be used as proof or evidence of certain facts
   n. action of certifying or state of being certified
       n. feeling of certainty; lack of doubt ;
       n. action or act of ceasing; pause
         n. action of ceding sth, esp land or rights
        of or relating to whales and dolphins etc
           v.  ~ become irritated or impatient (because of sth)
           n.  outer covering of corn, etc, separated from the grain by threshing or winnowing
        (n.) banter; teasing
         n. feeling of disappointment or annoyance
       feeling or caused to feel uneasy and self-conscious
           n.  (length of) connected metal links or rings, used for hauling or supporting weights or for fastening or restraining things
           n.  moveable seat with a back and sometimes with arms, for one person to sit on
        person in charge of a meeting
         n. large cup for holding wine, esp one from which consecrated wine is drunk at the Eucharist
           n.  type of soft white rock used for burning to make lime
          adj. of or like chalk
       n.  ~ (to do sth) invitation or call (to sb) to take part in a game, contest, fight etc to prove who is better, stronger, more able, etc
      n. person who challenges, esp in sport
     adj. offering problems that test sb's ability; stimulating
         n.  room, esp a bedroom ,
     n. woman whose job is cleaning and tidying bedrooms, usu in a hotel
       n.  any of various types of small lizard that can change colour according to its surroundings
           v.  chew (food) noisily
       n.  sparkling white wine from E France
        n.  person, team, animal or plant that has defeated or excelled all others in a competition
    n.  contest to decide who is the champion
          n.  way in which things happen without any cause that can be seen or understood; luck; fortune
      n.  head of government in Austria etc
        n.  Lord Chancellor's division of the High Court of Justice
      n. ornamental hanging light with branches for several bulbs or candles
          v.  become different; alter
   [ changeable: ] able to change or be changed; fickle
      adj.  tending to change; often changing
         n.  sunken bed of a river, stream or canal
           n.  simple tune to which psalms or canticles are fitted by singing several syllables or words to the same note
         a ramshackle hut; crude dwelling
           n. complete disorder or confusion
         adj. in a state of chaos; completely disorganized
            v. (of the skin) become cracked, rough or sore
          n.  small building or room used for Christian worship, eg in a school, prison, large private house, etc
        n. older person, usu a woman, who looks after a girl or a young unmarried woman on social occasions
        n. clergyman attached to the chapel of a school, prison, etc, or serving in the armed forces
      n. position, period of office or house of a chaplain
         n.  (usu numbered) division of a book
            v. (cause sth to) become black by burning; scorch
       n.  mental or moral qualities that make a person, group, nation, etc different from others
  adj. ~ forming part of the character(1a) of a person or thing; typical
 [ characteristic: ] a distinguishing quality, attribute, or trait
in common 
description of character, traits, etc.
    To describe by distinctive marks or peculiarities.
   adj. without character(2a); uninteresting; ordinary
         n.  charades game in which one team acts a series of little plays containing syllables of a word which the other team tries to guess
        a parlour game in which one team acts out each syllable of a word, the other team having to guess the word
        n.  black substance made by burning wood slowly in an oven with a little air, used as a filtering material or as fuel or for drawing
          n.  claim that a person has done wrong, esp a formal claim that he has committed a crime; accusation
        n.  power to inspire devotion and enthusiasm
     adj.  having charisma
      adj. ~  generous in giving money, food, etc to poor people  ,
         n.  loving kindness towards others
       n. person who falsely claims to have special knowledge or skill, esp in medicine
           n.  power of pleasing, fascinating or attracting people; attractiveness
         n. person who charms people of the opposite sex
        adj. delightful
           n.  detailed map used to help navigation at sea, showing coasts, rocks, the depth of the sea, etc
         n.  written statement by a ruler or a government granting certain rights and privileges to a town, company, university, etc
       adj. qualified according to the rules of a professional association which has a royal charter
           adj. ~ (of sth)  cautious; wary
           v.  ~ sb/sth run after in order to capture or overtake sb/sth
           n.  deep opening in the ground; abyss; gorge ;
         n. framework on which the body and working parts of a vehicle, radio or television are built , ; .
          adj.  not having had sexual intercourse; virgin ;
         v.  punish in order to correct or improve; discipline ;
        v. punish (sb) severely, esp by beating
    n. severe punishment
        n. being chaste (1
            n. friendly informal conversation
         n. castle or large country house in France
         n. sb's goods and chattels
         v.  ~ (about sth) talk quickly, continuously or foolishly about unimportant matters
      n. talkative person, esp a child
      n.  aggressiveand irrational belief that one's own country is better than all others
      n, adj displaying or feeling chauvinism
    adj.
           adj.  low in price; costing little money
           v.  ~ act dishonestly or unfairly in order to win an advantage or profit
           v.  ~ (up) make sure of sth by examining or investigating it
       n. = cheque-book (cheque)
         n. person who checks
       adj. chequered
      [ checker: ] the usual U.S. spelling of: chequer
       n.  situation in which one player cannot prevent the capture of his king and the other player is therefore the winner
           n.  either side of the face below the eye
           v.  give shouts of joy, praise, support or encouragement to
        adj.  in good spirits; happy
    n.
       adj. gloomy; dreary
          n.  food made from milk curds
         n. African wild animal of the cat family with black spots and long legs, and able to run very fast ,
            n. professional cook, esp the chief cook in a restaurant
        adj.  of or relating to chemistry
         n.  person who prepares and sells medicines, and usu also sells cosmetics, toiletries, etc; pharmacist
       n.  scientific study of the structure of substances, how they react when combined or in contact with one another, and how they behave under different conditions
          n.  order to a bank to pay a sum of money from one's account to another person
         n. pattern of squares, usu of alternate colours .
         v.  protect or tend lovingly; care for ;
       [ cherish: ] to show great tenderness for; treasure
          n.  small soft round fruit containing a stone .
          n.  (Bible ) one of the second highest order of angels, usu represented in paintings as a plump child with wings .
        adj. with a plump and innocent face
           n. game for two people, played on a board with pieces that are moved in an attempt to checkmate the opponent's king .
           n.  large strong box for storing or shipping things in
        n.  (also `chestnut tree) any of various types of tree producing smooth reddish-brown nuts enclosed in prickly cases (those of some types being edible)
          adj. tending to suffer from or showing the symptoms of bronchial disease
         n. bent line or stripe in the shape of a normal or upside-down V, worn by a policeman or soldier to show his rank `^
            v.  ~ sth work or grind (food) between the teeth
     n.  treatment of the light and dark parts in a painting
            adj. elegant and stylish
       n.  use of clever but misleading talk in order to trick sb, esp in legal matters; dishonest practice
         (plural:  -nos)
           n.  young bird, esp a young chicken, just before or after hatching
         n.  young bird, esp of the domestic fowl
           v. ~ sb (for sth) (dated or fml ) rebuke; scold
           n.  leader or ruler, esp of a tribe or clan
         n. thin, almost transparent fabric made of silk, nylon, etc
           n.  young human being below the age of puberty; boy or girl
       n.  condition or period of being a child
        (characteristic) of a child
       adj. having no children
           n.  unpleasant coldness in the air, in the body, in water, etc
          adj.  rather cold; unpleasantly cold
         n.  imaginary monster made up of parts of several different animals
      adj. unreal; fanciful
         n.  structure through which smoke or steam is carried away from a fire, furnace, etc and through the roof or wall of a building
      n. type of small African ape .
            n.  part of the face below the mouth; front part of the lower jaw
           n.  fine baked and glazed white clay; porcelain
           n. animal's backbone
         of, relating to, or characteristic of China, its people, or their languages
           n.  narrow opening; crack; slit
        adj.  having a small chin, regarded as a sign of a weak character
            n.  thin piece cut or broken off from wood, stone, china, glass, etc
        n. small striped squirrel-like N American animal
      art of telling fortunes by reading the hand; palmistry
     (US podiatrist)n person whose job is treating or preventing minor disorders of people's feet
       n. such treatment
           n. short sharp sound made by a small bird or a cricket
          n. tool with a sharp cutting edge at the end, for shaping wood, stone or metal
            n.  young child
      adj.  showing the qualities of a perfect knight
        n.  (in the Middle Ages) ideal qualities expected of a knight, such as courage, honour, courtesy and concern for the weak and helpless
        n. chemical element, a poisonous greenish-yellow gas with a pungent smell, used to sterilize water and in industry .
     n. green substance in plants that absorbs energy from sunlight to help them grow
       n.  brown edible substance in the form of powder or a block, made from roasted and crushed cacao seeds
          n.  ~ act of choosing between two or more possibilities
           n.  organized group of singers, esp one that performs in church services
           v.  ~ be unable to breathe because one's windpipe is blocked by sth
         n. infectious and often fatal disease causing severe diarrhoea and vomiting, common in hot countries
        adj. easily angered; bad-tempered ;
           to chew (food) noisily; champ
       adjectiv
          v.  ~ (between A and/or B); ~ (A) (from B); ~ sb/sth as sth pick out or select (sb/sth that one prefers or considers the best, most suitable, etc) from a number of alternatives
            v.  ~ sth (up) (into sth) cut sth into pieces with an axe, a knife, etc
          adj. (of the sea) moving in short broken waves; slightly rough
          adj. of, composed for or sung by a choir
         n.  hymn sung by a choir and congregation together, as part of a church service
           n. combination of notes usu sounded together in harmony
           n.  small routine task
     v. design and arrange steps and dances for
   n.
    n. steps for ballet and dancing on stage
         n. loud chuckle of pleasure or amusement
          n.  group of singers; choir
          n. the founder of the Christian religion
        v.  receive into the Christian Church by sprinkling water on his head and giving him a name
     n. all Christian people throughout the world
     n. ceremony in which sb is christened; baptism
       adj.  of or based on the teachings of Christ or the doctrines of Christianity
      adj. like Christ in character or action
       n.  annual celebration by Christians of the birth of Christ (on
       adj.  of colour
      n. any of the tiny threads or rods in animal and plant cells, carrying genes
    adjectiv
         adj.  lasting for a long time; continually recurring
     adv: the chronically ill
       n. record of historical events in the order in which they happened
   adj. arranged in the order in which they occurred
      n.  science of fixing the dates of historical events
     n. instrument that keeps very accurate time, used esp for navigating at sea
   n. garden plant with brightly coloured flowers
          adj. round and plump; slightly fat
           v.  throw (sth) carelessly or casually
         v. laugh quietly or to oneself
            v.  make the short dull repeated sound of an engine running slowly
            n. close friend
           n.  foolish person
           n.  thick solid piece cut or broken off sth
        adv: He's chunkily built
          adj.  having a short thick body; stocky
          n.  building used for public Christian worship
           n. bad-mannered or bad-tempered person
        adj. It seems churlish to refuse such a generous offer
    (n.) crude or surly behavior; behavior of a peasant
           n.  machine in which milk or cream is beaten to make butter
           n.  sloping or vertical passage down which things can slide or be dropped
           n.  drink made from fermented apple-juice
           n. tight roll of tobacco leaves for smoking
       n. roll of shredded tobacco enclosed in thin paper for smoking
        having minute hairs
           n.  easy task
          n.  small piece of partly burnt coal, wood, etc that is no longer burning but may still be hot ,
         a film or movie enthusiast
          n.  building in which motion-picture films are shown
          n.  (method of) secret writing in which a set of letters or symbols is used to represent others; code
          n.  curved line every point on which is the same distance from the centre
         n. circular band, eg of precious metal, flowers, etc, worn round the head as an ornament
         n.  line, route or journey round a place
      adj. long and indirect; roundabout
        (plural:  -ties)
        adj.  shaped like a circle; round ;
       v.  (cause sth to) go round continuously
     n.  movement of blood round the body from and back to the heart
   n. line that marks out a circle or other curved figure1(2b)
  n. use of many words to say sth that could be said in a few words
  the use of an unnecessarily large number of words to express an idea
  v. sail round (esp the world)
    v.  restrict (sth) within limits; confine
     adj. considering everything carefully before acting; cautious; wary ;
  n. caution; prudence
    n.  condition or fact connected with an event or action
  adj.  giving full details
[ circumstantial: ] of or dependent on circumstances
      v. find a way of overcoming or avoiding (sth)
    [ circumvent: ] to evade or go around
   n.
          n.  travelling company of entertainers, including acrobats, riders, clowns and performing animals
         an artificial reservoir (as an underground tank) for storing liquids and especially water (as rainwater)
         fortress
        an official summons to appear (as before a court)
            quote; commend
         n.  person who has full rights as a member of a country, either by birth or by being granted such rights
     n. being a citizen, esp of a particular country, with the rights and duties that involves
            n.  large and important town
      n. independent state consisting of a city and the surrounding area (eg Athens in ancient times)
           adj.  of a town or city; municipal
           adj.  of or relating to the citizens of a country
        n. person not serving in the armed forces or the police force
        n. (act of) politeness
    a human society that has highly developed material and spiritual resources and a complex cultural, political, and legal organization; an advanced state in social development
        to bring out of savagery or barbarism into a state characteristic of civilization
           n. short sharp sound of hard objects being struck together
            adj.  (dated or fml ) dressed; clothed
           v.  demand or request (sth) because it is or one believes it is one's right or one's property
        n. person who makes a claim
    n. supposedpower of seeing in the mind either future events or things that exist or are happening out of sight
     n, adj having such power
            n. large shellfish with a hinged shell
         v. climb, esp with difficulty or effort, using the hands and feet
          adj. unpleasantly moist and sticky; damp
          shout, complain with a lot of noise
       adj. making loud demands or protests
         n.  loud confused noise, esp of shouting
           n.  device for holding things tightly together, usu by means of a screw
       sudden restriction on an activity
            n.  group of families, esp in Scotland, descended from a common ancestor
     adj. done secretly; kept secret; surreptitious
         n.  obvious and embarrassing mistake; gaffe ;
         make a loud resonant noise
        adj. (of members of a group) associating closely with each other and showing little interest in other people
            v.  ~ sth (together) strike (the palms of one's hands) together
         n.  piece of metal, etc fixed loosely inside a bell and making it sound by striking the side
   n. clarifying or being clarified
         v.  (cause sth to) become clear or easier to understand
         adj. loud, clear and rousing
         n. clearness; lucidity
           v.  ~ (together) (cause things to) strike together with a loud, harsh noise
           n.  device for fastening things together
           n.  group of people at the same social or economic level
         adj.  having a high quality that is recognized and unquestioned; of lasting value and importance
       adj.  of, relating to or influenced by the art and literature of ancient Greece and Rome
        the. a body of literature regarded as great or lasting, esp. that of ancient Greece or Rome
    adj. that can be classified
  n.  classifying or being classified
        v.  (a)arrange (sth) systematically in classes or groups
       a friend or contemporary of the same class in a school, college, etc
       a room in which classes are conducted, esp. in a school or colleg
         n. continuous noise of hard objects falling or knocking against each other
          n.  group of words that includes a subject1(4a) and a verb, forming a sentence or part of a sentence
  n. abnormal fear of being in an enclosed space
      n. early type of keyboard instrument with a very soft tone
        n. collar-bone .
            n.  any of the pointed nails (nail1) on the feet of some mammals, birds and reptiles
            n.  stiff sticky earth that becomes hard when baked, used for making bricks and pottery
          adj. like, containing or covered with clay
           adj.  free from dirt or impurities
     n. being clean
         adv. easily; smoothly
         v. ~ sb/sth make thoroughly clean
           adj. easy to see through; transparent
       [ clear: ] free from darkness or obscurity; bright
       n.  clearing, removing or tidying sth
       adj. not vague; definite
        n. open space from which trees have been cleared in a forest
         adv.  in a clear manner; distinctly
           n.  small wooden or metal bar fastened to sth, on which ropes may be fastened by winding
        n.  split or division
          v. break or split, esp along a natural line
         n. heavy knife with a broad blade used by a butcher for chopping meat
           n. crack or split occurring naturally
        n.  mildness (esp of weather)
         adj.  (esp of weather) mild
          v.  close tightly or press (two things) firmly together
          n. people who have been ordained as priests or ministers of esp the Christian Church
       n. priest or minister of the Christian Church, esp the Church of England
        adj.  of, for or made by a clerkor clerks
           n.  person employed in an office, a shop, etc to keep records, accounts, etc
          adj. quick at learning and understanding things; intelligent
      n.
          n. phrase or idea which is used so often that it has become stale or meaningless
           n. short sharp sound
          n.  person who receives help or advice from a professional person
       n.  customers or clients as a group
           n. steep, usu high, face of rock, esp at the edge of the sea .
     n. period of life when physical powers begin to decline, eg the menopause
       adj. forming a climax
         n.  regular pattern of weather conditions (temperature, rainfall, winds, etc) of a particular region
        adj. of climate
          n.  most interesting or significant event or point in time; culmination
           v.  go up or over (sth) by effort, esp using one's hands and feet
         n.  person who climbs
           n. (arch or joc ) country; climate(1b)
          v.  fix firmly in place by hammering sideways the end that sticks out
           v. (pt, pp clung/ klQN; klQN/)  ~ (on) to sb/sth; ~ on; ~ together hold on tightly to sb/sth
          adj. (infml )
          n.  private or specialized hospital
        adj.  of or relating to the examination and treatment of patients and their illnesses
            n.  any of various wire or metal devices used for holding things together
         n.  clippers instrument for clipping nails, hair, hedges, etc
          n. small group of people, often with shared interests, who associate closely and exclude others from their group
          adj. (of people) tending to form a clique
           n.  sleeveless outer garment hanging loosely from the shoulders, usu worn out of doors
       n.  room where coats, hats, etc may be left for a time
           n.  instrument for measuring and showing time
       adv, adj moving in a curve in the same direction as the hands of a clock
            n. shoe made entirely of wood or with a wooden sole
        n.  covered passage around an open court or quadrangle, with a wall on the outer side and columns or arches on the inner side, esp within a convent or college, or attached to a cathedral
      secluded or shut up from the world
     [ cloister: ] a covered walk, usually around a quadrangle in a religious institution, having an open arcade or colonnade on the inside and a wall on the outside
           n.  (any of a) group of plants or organisms produced asexually from one ancestor
           adj.  ~ (to sb/sth); ~ (together) near in space or time
   not easily subdued, remedied, or removed
    adj. (of a sailing-ship) with the sails set for sailing as nearly as possible in the direction from which the wind is blowing
         adv. in a close manner
          n.  cupboard or small room for storing things
         n.  closing or being closed
            n.  half-solid lump formed from a liquid, eg from blood when it is exposed to the air
           n. material made by weaving cotton, wool, silk, etc
          to dress or attire
         n. covering for a person's body; garments
        One who makes or sells cloth or clothing.
        n.  clothes
         n. = closure
           n.  visible water vapour floating in the sky
      n. sudden and violent rainstorm
      n.
          adj.  covered with clouds
           n.  heavy blow with the hand or a hard object
           pt of cleave1
          pp of cleave1
           n.  comic entertainer who paints his face and dresses in a ridiculous way and performs funny or foolish tricks
        adj. of or like a clown
            v.  (of sth sweet or pleasurable) become unpleasant by being tasted or experienced too often
         adj. sickeningly sweet
            n.  group of people who meet together regularly to participate in a particular activity (esp a sport) or for relaxation
            n.  ~ fact or piece of evidence that helps to solve a problem or reveal the truth in an investigation
           n. group or cluster
        adv.
          adj.  awkward and ungraceful in movement or shape
           pt, pp of cling
         n.  number of things of the same kind growing closely together
          v.  seize (sb/sth) eagerly
         n. (esp unnecessary or unwanted) things lying about untidily
           n.  bus for carrying passengers over long distances
       something that produces coagulation
       v. change from a liquid to a thick and semi-solid state; clot
     n.
            n.  black mineral found below the ground, used for burning to supply heat and to make coal gas and coal tar
        v. combine and form one group, substance, mass, etc
       [ coalesce: ] to unite or come together in one body or mass; merge; fuse; blend
       n.  action of uniting into one body or group
         n. raised rim round a ship's hatches to keep water out
          adj.  consisting of large particles; not fine
         v. become coarse
      n.
           n.  land bordering the sea
         adj. of or near a coast
       n. shape or outline of a coast
            n.  long outer garment with sleeves, usu fastened at the front with buttons
            v.  (~ sb sth) persuade sb gently or gradually
             n.  strong short-legged horse for riding
         n.  person who repairs shoes
           n. poisonous snake found in India and Africa .
            n.  adult male bird of the domestic fowl .
         n. piece of ribbon tied in a knot and worn on a hat as a badge
          n. small spaniel with golden-brown fur .
        adj. ~ (infml ) arrogantly or offensively confident
          n.  silky covering made by an insect larva to protect itself while it is a chrysalis
             n.  (also `codfish) large sea fish
            n. final passage of a piece of music
          v.  treat with great care and tenderness
            n.  (system of) words, letters, symbols, etc that represent others, used for secret messages or for presenting or recording information briefly
         n. later addition to a will, esp one that changes part of it
    n.
          v. arrange (laws, rules, etc) systematically into a code(3a)
     n.  quantity placed before and multiplying another quantity
    any invertebrate of the phylum Cnidaria (formerly Coelenterata), having a saclike body with a single opening (mouth), which occurs in polyp and medusa forms. Coelenterates include the hydra, jellyfishes, sea anemones, and corals
          v. ~ sb (fml ) make sb do sth by using force or threats; compel sb to do sth
        n. coercing or being coerced
        adj. using force or threats
          adj. ~ (fml ) existing at the same time or having the same age as sb/sth else; contemporary ;
         v. ~ exist together at the same time or in the same place
     n. coexisting
          n.  seeds of the coffee tree
          n.  large strong box for holding money or other valuables; chest ;
          n.  box in which a dead body is buried or cremated
             each of a series of teeth on the edge of a wheel, that fit between those of a similar wheel, so that each wheel can cause the other one to move
         n. quality of being convincing; strength  ;
          adj. convincing; strong
        v. ~ sth (fml or joc ) think deeply about sth
      n. (act of) thinking deeply
         adj. ~  (linguistics ) (of a word or language) having the same source or origin as another one
       n. action or process of acquiring knowledge, by reasoning or by intuition or through the senses
       adj. of or relating to cognition
      n.  knowledge; awareness
       adj. ~ of sth having knowledge of sth; aware of sth ;
        family name
         v. ~ (fml ) (usu of an unmarried couple) live together
          v.  stick together in a mass or group
       n. being coherent
        adj. connected logically or consistent; easy to understand; clear
      adv: express one's ideas coherently
        n.  tendency to stick together; unity
        adj. tending to stick together
          n.  each of the ten units forming a legion
         [ cohort: ] one of the ten units of between 300 and 600 men in an ancient Roman Legion
        n. way in which (esp a woman's) hair is arranged; hairstyle ;
            v. ~ round sth/up wind or twist (oneself/sth) into a continuous circular or spiral shape
            n.  piece of metal used as money
        v. ~  (of events) occur at the same time or occupy the same period of time as sth else
     n.  occurrence of similar events or circumstances at the same time by chance
      adj. happening at the same time by chance
    adj. resulting from coincidence
  adv.
            n. black substance remaining after coal gas and coal tar have been removed from coal, used as a fuel
            n.  W African tree
        n. metal or plastic bowl with many small holes in it, used to drain water from vegetables, etc, esp after cooking
            adj.  of low temperature, esp when compared to the temperature of the human body
    adj.  having a blood temperature which varies with the temperature of the surroundings
          adv. in an unfriendly or unenthusiastic way
        n. state of being cold
     v.  ~ (on sth) work together (with sb), esp to create or produce sth
   n.  ~ (on sth); ~ (between A and B) collaborating (collaborate 1)
   [ collaborate: ] [often foll by on, with, etc.]  to work with another or others on a joint project
    person who collaborates
         n. fixing pieces of paper, cloth, photographs, etc to a surface
        v.  fall down or in suddenly
     adj. that can be folded into a compact shape
      [ collapse: ] to fall down or cave in suddenly
          n.  band, upright or folded over, round the neck of a shirt, coat, dress, etc
         v.  ~ A and B/~ A with B examine and compare in order to find the differences between them
      adj.  side by side; parallel ;
       n. action of collating
       n. person with whom one works, esp in a profession or business
         v.  ~ sth bring or gather sth together
       adj. in control of oneself; calm
      n.  collecting (collect1 5) sth
      adj. of, by or relating to a group or society as a whole; joint; shared
consciousness 
       n. person who collects (collect 4) things
         n.  institution for higher education or professional training
       A college student.
         v. ~  (of moving objects or people) strike violently against sth or each other
         n.  coal-miner
       n. ~ ~ (between A and B)  (instance of) one object or person striking against another; (instance of) colliding; crash
      adj. belonging to or suitable for normal conversation but not formal speech or writing
   n. colloquial word or phrase
      an academic meeting or seminar usually led by a different lecturer and on a different topic at each meeting
        n. conversation
         v. ~ plot or conspire to deceive or cheat others
       n. ~ ~ (between sb and sb) (fml ) secret agreement or co-operation between two or more people with the aim of deceiving or cheating others
           n. lower part of the large intestine .
         n. army officer between the ranks of lieutenant-colonel and brigadier, commanding a regiment
        adj.  of, relating to or possessing a colonyor colonies
        n. person who settles in an area and colonizes it
    [ colonize: ] to send colonists to or establish a colony in (an area)
        to send colonists to or establish a colony in (an area)
       n. row of columns, usu with equal spaces between them and often supporting a roof, etc
      adj. having a colonnade
          n.  country or area settled or conquered by people from another country and controlled by that country
           = colour
      arrangement of colour and tones; colouring
       [ color: ] verb
        adj. very large; immense; huge
        n.  statue much larger than life size
          n.  visible quality that objects have, produced by rays of light of different wavelengths being reflected by them
    adj. unable to see the difference between certain colours, esp red and green
            n.  young male horse up to the age of 4 or 5
         adj. like a colt; frisky ;
          n.  tall pillar, usu round and made of stone, either supporting part of the roof of a building or standing alone as a monument
            n. state of deep unconsciousness, usu lasting a long time and caused by severe injury or illness
        adj.  in a coma; deeply unconscious ;
            n.  piece of metal, plastic or bone with teeth, used for tidying and arranging the hair
          n. fight or fighting between two people, armies, etc
       n, adj involved in fighting in a war
       adj. eager or ready to fight or argue
   [ combative: ] adj. eager or ready to fight, argue, etc.; aggressive
     n.  joining or mixing together of two or more things or people; state of being joined or mixed together
         v. ~ A and B/A with B (cause things to) join or mix together to form a whole
     adj.  that can catch fire and burn easily
      n.  process of burning
            v.  ~ (to...) (from...) move to, towards, into, etc a place where the speaker or writer is, or a place being referred to by him
        a return to a former position, status, etc.
        n. entertainerwho tells jokes, performs sketches , etc to amuse an audience
      a female comedia
          n.  light or amusing play or film, usu with a happy ending
      (n.) beauty; attractiveness in appearance or behavior
          having a pleasing appearance:not homely or plain
      something fit to be eaten
           n. object that moves round the sun and looks like a bright star with a long, less bright tail
     desert punishment
         n.  state of being free from suffering, pain or anxiety; state of physical or mental well-being
     adj.  allowing, producing or having pleasant bodily relaxation
     adv.  in a comfortable way
           adj.  causing people to laugh; funny
         adj. amusing
          n.  arrival
          friendly social atmosphere:social harmony
           n. punctuation mark to indicate a light pause or break between parts of a sentence
         v.  tell (sb) that he must do sth; order
      v. take possession or control of forcibly or for official (esp military) purposes
       n.  person who commands
     n. (fml ) command; order
     v. keep (a great person, event, etc) in people's memories
   adj. helping to commemorate
        v. begin (sth); start
    n.  beginning
         v.  ~ sb (on/for sth); ~ sb/sth (to sb) speak favourably to or of sb/sth; praise sb/sth ;
     adj. deserving praise
    adj~(fml ) in the right proportion (to sth); appropriate
         n.  ~ written or spoken remark giving an opinion on, explaining or criticizing (an event, a person, a situation, etc)
      n.  ~ spoken description of an event asit happens
     n. ~ person who commentates
        n. trade (esp between countries); buying and selling of goods
      adj.  of or for commerce
    adv: Commercially, the play was a failure, though the critics loved it. ,
       mingle together
     v. ~ (on/over sth) (fml ) feel, or say that one feels, sympathy
   n. ~ (fml or joc ) (expression of) sympathy for sb
    The department of an army charged with the provision of its food and water and daily needs.
      n.  ~ action, task or piece of work given to sb to do
    n.  member of a commission, esp one with particular duties
          v.  do (sth illegal, wrong or foolish)
      n.  ~ committing or being committed (commit
       n. action of committing (commit 2), esp to prison
       adj. devoted (to a cause, one's job, etc)
       n. group of people appointed to deal with a particular matter
      adj. having a lot of space available for use; roomy
       n.  thing bought in a shop and put to use, esp in the home
          adj.  usual or familiar; happening or found often and in many places
        adv.  usually; very often
     adj. ordinary; not interesting
     sound and prudent but often unsophisticated judgment
    n.  independent State or community
       n. noisy confusion or excitement
        adj.  for the use of all; shared
         v. ~ ~ (together) talk to sb intimately; feel close to sb/sth
    adj. that can be communicated or transmitted
     v.  ~ sth make sth known; convey sth
   n.  act of communicating(1b
       n.  Communion(in the Christian Church) celebration of the Lord's Supper
       n.  social and economic system in which there is no private ownership and the means of production belong to all members of society
       n.  supporter of communism
       n.  the community the people living in one place, district or country, considered as a whole
      adj. ~ that can be made, paid, etc in a different form
         v.  travel regularly by bus, train or car between one's place of work and one's home (usu at a distance)
        n. person who commutes
         adj.  closely packed together
      [ compact: ] closely packed together; dense
       n.  person or animal that goes with, or spends much time with, another
         n.  being together with another or others
   [ comparable: ] worthy of comparison
      adj. ~ able or suitable to be compared
     adj.  involving comparison or comparing
   adv. as compared to sth or sb else
         v. ~ A and B; ~ A with/to B examine people or things to see how they are alike and how they are different
      n.  comparing
     n. any of the sections into which a larger area or enclosed space, esp a railway carriage, is divided
to put or divide into (compartments, categories, etc.), esp. to an excessive degree
         n.  (also magnetic compass) device for finding direction, with a needle that points to magnetic north
      n. ~ pity for the sufferings of others, making one want to help them
   adj. showing or feeling compassion ; . compassionately
   n. ~ ~ (between A and B) state of being compatible
      adj. ~ (of people, ideas, arguments, principles, etc) suited; that can exist together
      n. person who was born in, or is a citizen of, the same country as another; fellow-countryman ;
          v.  (fml ) make (sb) do sth; force
    honor; title
      adj. extremely interesting and exciting, so that one has to pay attention
     adj. giving a lot of information briefly
      n. ~ (of sth)  brief but full account; summary
      v. ~ for sth give (sb) sth good to balance or lessen the bad effect of damage, loss, injury, etc; recompense
    [ compensate: ] to make amends to (someone), esp. for loss or injury
    n. ~ compensating
    adj. compensating
         n. person who introduces the performers in a variety programme or game show, esp on radio or television
         v. ~ (in sth) (for sth) try to win sth by defeating others who are trying to do the same
      n.  ~ ~ (in doing sth/to do sth) being competent; ability
       adj.  ~ ~ (to do sth) (of people) having the necessary ability, authority, skill, knowledge, etc
     n.  event in which people compete; contest
     adj.  of or involving competition
 [ competitive: ] involving or determined by rivalry
      n. person who competes
     n. compiling
         v.  ~ sth (for/from sth) collect (information) and arrange it in a book, list, report, etc
     Satisfaction with one's acts or surroundings.
     n. ~ (usu derog ) calm feeling of satisfactionwith oneself, one's work, etc
      adj. ~ (usu derog ) calmly satisfied with oneself, one's work, etc
        v.  ~ (about/at sth) (often derog ) say that one is dissatisfied, unhappy, etc
   adv: `Why me?' he asked complainingly. ?
       n.  complaining
    n. willingness to do what pleases others
     adj. ready to please; obliging
      n.  ~ thing that goes well or suitably with sth else, or makes it complete
   adj. ~ combining well to form a balanced whole
        adj.  having all its parts; whole
      adv. wholly; totally
    n.
      n.  action of completing
         adj. made up of (usu several) closely connected parts
      n.  natural colour and appearance of the skin of the face
      n. state of being complex
      n. ~  action in accordance with a request or command; obedience
       adj. ~ (usu derog ) (too) willing to comply (with other people, with rules, etc)
      v. make more difficult to do, understand or deal with
     adj. (often derog ) made up of many interconnected parts
    n.  state of being complex, intricate or difficult; involved condition
      n. ~ action of taking part with another person (in a crime or some other wrongdoing); shared responsibility
      n.  ~ expression of praise, admiration, approval, etc
   adj.  expressing admiration, praise, etc
          v. ~ (with sth) do as one is requested, commanded, etc; obey
       n. any of the parts of which sth is made
         v. ~ oneself with sth conduct oneself in the specified way; behave
     n. behaviour
         v.  write (music, opera, etc)
        adj.  ~ of sth made up or formed from sth
        n. person who composes
       n, adj made up of different parts or materials
     n. thing composed, eg a piece of music, a poem or a book
         n. mixture of decayed organic matter, manure, etc added to soil to improve the growth of plants
       n. state of being calm in mind or behaviour
        n. thing made up of two or more separate things combined together
      v. understand fully
    [ comprehend: ] to perceive or understand
n.
  adj. ~ that can be understood fully
   n. understanding
   adj. that includes everything
 adv: Our football team was comprehensively defeated
        v. ~ sth press sth together; force sth into a small(er) space
    Capable of being pressed into smaller compass.
     n. compressing or being compressed
      n. machine that compresses air or other gases
        v. have as parts or members; be made up of
      n. giving up of certain demands by each side in a dispute, so that an agreement may be reached which satisfies both to some extent
      n. ~ compelling or being compelled
      adj. extremely interesting; fascinating
      adj. that must be done; required by the rules, etc; obligatory
     n. ~ (fml ) (usu in negative sentences ) feeling of guilt or regret for one's action
     n. (fml ) (act of) computing; calculation
   adj. using computers
         v. ~ sth calculate sth with a computer
        n. electronic device for storing and analysing information fed into it, making calculations, or controlling machinery automatically
         n. fellow member of a trade-union, or of a socialist or communist political party, etc
     n.
             n. instance of cheating sb; confidence trick
     to link together in a series or chain
   n. ~ (fml ) series of things or events linked together
         adj. curved inwards like the inner surface of a sphere or ball .
         v.  ~ sth/sb (from sb/sth) keep sth/sb from being seen or known about; hide sth/sb
       [ conceal: ] to keep from discovery; hide
     n. acton of concealing or state of being concealed
         v.  ~ sth admit that sth is true, valid, proper, etc
         n.  excessive pride in oneself or in one's powers, abilities, etc
       adj. full of conceit
     adj. that can be conceived or believed; imaginable
        v.  become pregnant
       [ conceive: ] [when intr, foll by of; when tr, often takes a clause as object]  to have an idea (of); imagine; think
     v.  ~ (sth) (on sth/doing sth) focus (one's attention, effort, etc) exclusively and intensely on sth, not thinking about other less important things
    adj.  intense
   n.  ~ (power of) concentrating (on sth)
      adj. ~ (of circles) having the same centre
         n. ~ idea underlying sth; general notion
      n.  conceiving or being conceived
      adj. of or based on concepts
         v.  be the business of (sb); be important to; affect ;
       adj. ~ worried; troubled
      prep about
         n.  musical entertainment given in public by one or more performers
       adj. arranged or done in co-operation
        n. musical composition for one or more solo instruments and an orchestra
      n.  ~ conceding
   adj. involving a concession
           n. shellfish with a large spiral shell
      n. study of shells and shellfish
      v.  make less angry or more friendly (esp by being pleasant or making some concessions)
    n. conciliating or being conciliated
    adj. intended or likely to conciliate
         adj. giving a lot of information in few words; brief
     Expressing much in few words;
       expressing much in few words
        n. private meeting
        v.  ~ (with sth) (usu fml ) come or bring (sth) to an end
      n.  end
      adj. convincing; ending doubt
         v.  make (sth) by mixing ingredients (esp ones that do not usu go together)
      n. concocting
     adj. ~ (fml ) accompanying; happening together
         n.  harmony between people; lack of quarrelling and unfriendliness
     n. alphabeticalindex of the words used by an author or in a book
      adj. ~ (fml ) in agreement; appropriate
       n. agreement, esp between a State and the Church on church affairs
       n.  open area forming part of a building or large complex, where people may walk about
        adj.  existing in material form; that can be touched, felt, etc
      n. mass formed when sth soft or liquid becomes hard or solid
       n. woman who lives with a man but is of lower status than a wife
          v. (fml )  ~ (with sb/sth) (in sth) agree; express agreement
     n.  agreement
      adj. ~ existing, happening or done at the same time
      n. injury to the brain caused by a blow, violent shaking, etc, resulting in temporary unconsciousness
         v. ~ sb/sth say that one disapproves of sb/sth
    n. condemning or being condemned
       [ condemn: ] to express strong disapproval of; censure
    n.  condensing or being condensed
        v.  ~ (into/to sth) (cause sth to) become thicker or more concentrated
       n.  device for cooling vapour and condensing it to liquid
      v.  do sth that one regards as undignified or below one's level of importance
   adj.
   n. condescending
         adj. (of punishment, etc) severe and well deserved
       n. seasoning used to give flavour and relish to food
      [ condiment: ] any spice or sauce such as salt, pepper, mustard, etc.
       n.  particular state of existence
     adj. ~ (on/upon sth) depending on sth
         v. ~ with sb (fml ) express sympathy (for a misfortune, bereavement, etc)  ,
      n. sympathy
         v. treat or regard as if it were not serious or wrong; overlook; forgive
          n. type of large vulture found mainly in S America
         v. ~ to/towards sth help to bring sth about
       adj. ~ to sth allowing or helping sth to happen
         n.  person's behaviour
      n. conductingof electric current along wires or of heat by contact
    n. property or power of conducting heat, electricity, etc
       n.  person who directs the performance of an orchestra, a choir, etc
         n. large pipe through which liquids flow
            n.  solid body that narrows to a point from a circular flat base .
      n. thing made with sweet ingredients
   n. sweets, chocolates, cakes, etc
     n.  alliance or league, esp of states
     adj. joined together by an agreement or a treaty
          v.  ~ (with sb) (on/about sth) have discussions (esp in order to exchange opinions or get advice)
        A person with whom another confers.
      n. discussion or exchange of views
      n. giving or granting (of degrees, honours, etc)
         v.  ~ (to sth/doing sth); ~ (sth) (to sb) say or admit, often formally (that one has done wrong, committed a crime, etc)
      n.  statement of one's guilt; confessing
       n. priest who hears confessions
       n. trusted person to whom one speaks about one's private affairs or secrets
         v.  ~ sth to sb tell (a secret) to sb
      n. ~ (in sb/sth) firm trust (in sb, in sb's ability, or in what is said, reported, etc)
       adj. ~ feeling or showing trust in oneself or one's ability
    adj.  to be kept secret; not to be made known to others
 n.
  adv: He told me confidentially that he's thinking of resigning next year
   n. arrangement of the parts of sth; shape or outline
         v.  ~ sb/sth keep (a person or an animal) in a restricted space
        adj. limited; restricted
     n.  being confined; imprisonment
         v.  provide evidence for the truth or correctness of (a report, an opinion, etc); establish the truth of
    n. confirming or being confirmed
       adj. settled in a particular habit or state
      v. take possession of by authority, without payment or compensation
   n. great and destructive fire
        v. combine into one
        n.  struggle; fight
      n.  place where two rivers flow together and become one
       adj. flowing or coming together; uniting ;
         v.  ~ keep to or comply with (generally accepted rules, standards, etc)
     Harmonious.
     The act or state or conforming.
    n. way in which sth is formed; structure ;
      n. person who conforms to accepted behaviour, the established religion, etc
      n.  ~ (fml ) (behaviour, etc) conforming to established rules, customs, etc ,
        v.  puzzle and surprise (sb); perplex
        v.  ~ sb with sb/sth make sb face or consider sb/sth unpleasant, difficult, etc
   n. angry opposition
 [ confrontation: ] the act or an instance of confronting
         v.  make unable to think clearly; puzzle; bewilder
        adj.  unable to think clearly; bewildered
       adj. difficult to understand; puzzling
       n.  bewilderment or embarrassment
         v. prove (a person or an argument) to be wrong
         v. (cause to) become thick or solid, esp by cooling
       adj.  pleasing because of similarities in temperament, interests,etc
    n.
      adj.  present from or before birth
         become or cause to become obstructed
      n. state of being congested
    n.  materials gathered together into a rounded mass
  n.  assortment of different things gathered together or found in the same place
    v.  ~ sb tell sb that one is pleased about his good fortune or achievements
  n.  congratulating or being congratulated
  adj. intended to congratulate
      v. come together in a crowd
    n.  group of people gathered together for religious worship
        n.  formal meeting or series of meetings for discussion between representatives
   adj.  of a congress or Congress
      correspondence of parts; harmonious relationship
       adj.  having the same size and shape
       n.
       adj. ~ (fml ) = congruent2
         n. type of tree that bears cones (cone 3)
      adj. bearing cones
      v. ~ (fml ) form (and express) an opinion not based on firm evidence; guess
         v. (cause people or things to) join together; unite ;
        adj. of marriage or the relationship between a husband and a wife
       v.  give the different forms of (a verb), as they vary according to number, tense, etc
     n.  conjugating
     n.  word that joins words, phrases or sentences, eg and, but, or  ,  and but or
         v.  do clever tricks which seem magical, esp with quick movements of the hands
        n. person who performs conjuring tricks
       n. performing of clever tricks which seem magical, esp involving quick movements of the hands
         v. ~ (up) (to/with sth) come or bring together or into contact; join
      the act or state of connecting; union
      n. ~ conniving (at a wrong action)
         v. ~ at sth disregard or seem to allow (a wrong action)
       adj. acting slyly and unpleasantly so as to harm others
     n. person with good judgement on matters in which appreciation of fineness or beauty is needed, esp the fine arts
     n. idea which a word makes one think of in addition to the main meaning
     having the power of implying or suggesting something in addition to what is explicit
         v. suggest (sth) in addition to the main meaning
       adj. of marriage; of husband and wife
         v.  take possession of (sth) by force
       n. person who conquers
        n.  conquering (eg of a country and its people); defeat
  adj. Descended from the same parent or ancestor.
   n. relationship by being descended from the same family
      n.  person's awareness of right and wrong with regard to his own thoughts and actions
   adj.  careful to do what one ought to do, and do it as well as one can
       adj.  knowing what is going on around one because one is able to use bodily senses and mental powers; awake
     adv.
   n.  state of being conscious(1)
       v. ~ sb force sb by law to serve in the armed forces
    n. conscripting of people into the armed forces
      v.  bring into religious use or (sb) into a religious office by a special ceremony
     adj. coming one after the other without interruption; following continuously
       n. ~ agreement in opinion; collective opinion
         v. ~ give agreement or permission
     n.  thing that is a result or an effect of sth else
      adj. ~ (fml ) following sth as a result or an effect
   adj.  following as a result or an effect (esp indirect)
    adv. as a result; therefore
    n.  prevention of loss, waste, damage, destruction, etc
    n.  tendency to resist great or sudden change
    adj.  opposed to great or sudden change
    n.  room with glass walls and roof used to protect plants from cold, built against an outside wall of a house, and with a door into the house .
        v. prevent from being changed, lost or destroyed
       [ conserve: ] to keep or protect from harm, decay, loss, etc.
      [ conserve: ] to keep or protect from harm, decay, loss, etc.
        v. ~ sb/sth think about sb/sth, esp in order to make a decision; contemplate sb/sth
    adj. great in amount or size
    adv. much; a great deal
     adj. ~ ~ (of sb) (to do sth) careful not to hurt or inconvenience others; thoughtful
   n.  action of considering or thinking about sth
     prep, conj in view of (the fact that); taking into consideration ;
         v. ~ sb/sth to sb/sth hand over sb/sth to sb/sth; give sb/sth up to sb/sth
       n. person to whom sth is consigned
     n.  consigning
         v. (phr v) consist of sth be composed or made up of sth
     n.  (approv ) quality of being consistent(1)
      adj.  (of a person, his behaviour, his views, etc) always keeping to the same pattern or style; unchanging
    adv.
     n.  consoling or being consoled
     adj. tending or intended to console; comforting
         v. ~ sb give comfort or sympathy to (sb who is unhappy, disappointed, etc)
     v.  become more solid, secure, or strong
   n. consolidating or being consolidated
      n.  harmony
       n. speech sound produced by completely or partially obstructing the air being breathed out through the mouth
         n. husband or wife, esp of a ruler
      n. temporary association of a number of countries, companies, banks, etc for a common purpose
      n. (fml ) general view or survey of a subject, etc ,
     adj.  ~ easily seen; noticeable; remarkable
      n. ~ act of conspiring, esp joint planning of a crime
     n. person who conspires
        v.  ~ (against sb); ~ (together) (against sb) make secret plans (with others), esp to do wrong
       n. = police constable (police)
       n.  quality of being firm and unchanging
        adj.  going on all the time; happening again and again
      adv. continuously; frequently
       [ constant: ] fixed and invariable; unchanging
   n.  named group of stars
   n. surprise and anxiety; great dismay
    n. (body of voters living in a) district having its own elected representative in parliament
     adj. forming or helping to make a whole
      v.  (fml ) make up or form (a whole); be the components of
    n.  laws and principles according to which a state is governed
  adj.  of a constitution
       v. make (sb) do sth by strong (moral) persuasion or by force
     adj. forced; uneasy; unnatural
      n.  con-straining or being constrained
       v. make tight, smaller or narrower
     [ constrict: ] to make smaller or narrower, esp. by contracting at one place
      to cause to contract; constrict.
       v.  build (sth); put or fit together; form
     [ construct: ] to put together substances or parts, esp. systematically, in order to make or build (a building, bridge, etc.); assemble
    n.  action or manner of constructing; being constructed
    adj. having a useful purpose, helpful
     n. person who constructs things
        v.  ~ sth (fml ) explain the meaning of (words, sentences, actions, etc); interpret sth
          n.  official appointed by a state to live in a foreign city in order to help people from his own country who are travelling or living there, and protect their interests
        adj. of a consul
       n.  offices of a consul
      n.  position of a consul
         v.  ~ sb/sth go to (a person, book, etc) for information, advice, etc
    n.  consulting or being consulted
         v.  use (sth) up
        n. person who buys goods or uses services
     n. protection of consumers' interests
      adj. highly skilled; perfect
    n. action or point of completing, making perfect, or fulfilling
     n.  using up of food, energy, resources, etc
     adj. suffering or tending to suffer from consumption(2)
         n.  ~ state of touching (used esp with the vs shown)
       n.  spreadingof disease by being close to or touching other people
      adj.  (of a disease) spreading by contact
  [ contagious: ] (of a disease) capable of being passed on by direct contact with a diseased individual or by handling clothing, etc., contaminated with the causative agent
         v.  have or hold (sth) within itself
       [ contain: ] to hold or be capable of holding or including within a fixed limit or area
       n.  box, bottle, etc in which sth is kept, transported, etc
     n. keeping sth within limits, so that it cannot spread harmfully
     n. substance that contaminates things
     v. ~ sth/sb make sth/sb impure by adding dangerous or disease-carrying substances
    [ contaminate: ] to make impure, esp. by touching or mixing; pollute
   n. contaminating or being contaminated
     v.  look at or consider (sth) thoughtfully
   n.  action of looking at sth/sb thoughtfully
 adj. ~ (fml ) existing or happening at the same time
    adj.  ~ of the time or period being referred to; belonging to the same time
        n.  ~ (for sb/sth) feeling that sb/sth is completely worthless and cannot be respected
    adj. deserving contempt; despicable
    adj. ~ feeling or showing contempt
         v.  ~ with/against sb/sth; ~ for sth struggle in order to overcome a rival, competitor or difficulty
       n. person who tries to win sth in competition with others
         adj. ~ (with sth); ~ to do sth satisfied with what one has; not wanting more; happy
       adj. accepting one's situation or life with equanimity and satisfaction
      n.  ~ contending (contend 1); competition
     exhibiting an often perverse and wearisome tendency to quarrels and disputes
   [ contentious: ] tending to argue or quarrel
 [ contentious: ] tending to argue or quarrel
     n. state of being content
         dispute
      a person who takes part in a contest; competito
         writings preceding and following passage quoted
      n. being contiguous
      adj. ~ (fml ) touching; neighbouring; near
      n.  control of one's feelings, esp in sexual matters
       n.  each of the main land masses of the Earth
     adj.  belonging to or typical of a continent
     n. event that may or may not occur; event that happens by chance
      adj.  ~ on/upon sth dependent on sth that may or may not happen
       adj. going on all the time without stopping, or repeatedly
     adv. without stopping; repeatedly
     n. continuing existence; remaining; staying
    n.  carrying sth on beyond a certain point without stopping; prolongation
        v.  go or move further
      n.  state of being continuous
      adj. going on without stopping or being interrupted
       n. graded sequence of things of a similar kind, so that the ones next to each other are almost identical, but the ones at either end are quite distinct; cline
         v. ~ (with sth) (cause sth to) twist out of its natural shape
       twisted out of shape
      contortingor being contorted (esp of the face or body)
     [ contortion: ] the act or process of contorting or the state of being contorted
         n.  outward curve of sth/sb thought of as defining its shape
       [ contour: ] the outline of a mass of land, figure, or body; a defining line
      n. goods brought into or taken out of a country illegally
   n. preventing of conception
   n. device or drug for preventing conception ; . adj preventing conception
        n. ~ (for sth/to do sth) legally binding agreement, usu in writing
     n.  contracting or being contracted
      v.  say sth that conflicts with by (sb), suggesting that the person is mistaken or not telling the truth
   n.  contradicting
   adj. contradicting
  A placing opposite.
        adj. opposite in nature, tendency or direction
        v. ~ A and/with B compare so that differences are made clear
      v.  act or be contrary to (a law, etc); break
   n. contravening (a law, etc)
     n. (French fml or joc , ) unfortunate event; mishap; set-back ;
      v.  ~ (to/towards sth) give one's share of (money, help, advice, etc) to help a joint cause
    [ contribute: ] to give (support, money, etc.) for a common purpose or fund
    n. ~ action of contributing
     n. person who contributes
        adj. filled with or showing deep regret for having done wrong; repentant
      n. deep regret for having doing wrong; repentance ;
     n.  ~ device or tool, esp one made by an individual for a particular purpose
        v.  plan (sth) cleverly or deceitfully; invent; design
       adj.  planned in advance rather than being spontaneous or genuine
         n.  ~ power or authority to direct, order or limit
    adj. that can be controlled
      [ control: ] to command, direct, or rule
      n. person who controls or directs sth, esp a department or division of a large organization
   adj. causing or likely to cause controversy
n. person who is good at or fond of controversy
     n. ~ public discussion or argument, often rather angry, about sth which many people disagree with
      v. deny the truth of (sth); argue about
    adj. obstinate and disobedient
       n. obstinate resistance or disobedience
    arrogantly insolent
       n. insulting language or treatment
         v. injure (a part of the body) without breaking the skin; bruise ;
       n. bruise
       n.  question, usu with a pun in its answer, that is asked for fun; riddle ;
      v. regain one's health and strength after an illness
   n. gradual recovery of health and strength . convalescent n, adj (person who is) recovering from illness
    [ convalescence: ] gradual return to health after illness, injury, or an operation, esp. through rest
      n. transmission of heat from one part of a liquid or gas to another by the movement of heated substances
         v.  summon to come together; arrange (a meeting, etc)
     n.  quality of being convenient or suitable; freedom from trouble or difficulty
      adj. ~ fitting in well with people's needs or plans; giving no trouble or difficulty; suitable
      n.  conference of members of a profession, political party, etc
    adj.  (often derog ) based on convention(2a)
 n. conventional quality or character
[ conventionalize: ] to make conventionalize
  adv: conventionally dressed, designed, etc
        v.  ~ ~ (at sth) (of lines, moving objects, etc) (come towards each other and) meet at a point
      tending to move toward one point or to approach each other:CONVERGING
     [ conversant: ] experienced (in), familiar (with), or acquainted (with)
      adj. ~ with sth having knowledge of sth; familiar with sth
    n. ~ (about sth) informal talk
  adj. of talking
        v. ~ (about sth); ~ (together) (fml ) talk
      [ converse: ] to engage in conversation
      n. ~ (into/to sth)  converting or being converted
         v.  ~ (sth) (from sth) (into/to sth) change (sth) from one form or use to another
  n. convertible n car with a roof that can be folded down or removed
     adj. ~ that can be converted
          adj. with a curved surface like the outside of a ball
          v.  ~ sb/sth (from...) (to...) (fml ) take sb/sth; carry sb/sth; transmit sb/sth ;
      n.  conveying
         v. ~ sb (of a jury or judge) declare in a lawcourt that sb is guilty (of a crime)
      n.  ~ the convicting of a person for a crime
        v.  ~ sb make sb feel certain; cause sb to realize
       adj. firm in one's belief
      adj. that convinces
       adj.  cheerful and sociable; fond of being with others
    n.  cheerfulness; sociability ;
     n.  formal assembly, esp the legislative body of the Church of England or of the graduates of some universities
         v. call together or summon (a meeting, etc)
       to form into a twisted, coiled, or rolled shape
      adj.  coiled; twisted
     n. coil; twist
        To move with a circling or winding motion.
          n.  group of vehicles or ships travelling together
        v. cause to make sudden violent uncontrollable movements
      n.  sudden violent uncontrollable body movement, caused by contraction of muscles
      adj.  having, producing or consisting of convulsions
            v.  ~ sth (for sb) prepare (food) by heating, eg boiling, baking, roasting, frying
          n.  kitchen appliance for cooking, consisting of an oven with a hob on top and often also a grill
            adj.  fairly cold; not hot or warm
        n. quality of being cool1
            n. cage for poultry
       to work or act together
     joint operation or action
     willing to cooperate; helpful
      vt. to organize or integrate (diverse elements) in a harmonious operation
    balanced and effective interaction of movement, actions, etc.
            v. ~ manage successfully; be able to deal with sth difficult
         adj.  plentiful; abundant
       adv.
          n.  chemical element, a common reddish-brown metal
        v. ~ (fml ) (esp of animals) have sexual intercourse
      n. act of copulating
            n.  thing made to look like another, esp a reproduction of a letter, picture, etc
       n. ~ exclusive legal right, held for a certain number of years, to print, publish, sell, broadcast, perform, film or record an original work or any part of it
        n. flirting
        n. girl or woman who flirts
           n.  red, pink or white hard substance formed on the sea bed from the skeletons of tiny animals known as polyps
            n.  long thin flexible material made of twisted strands, thicker than string and thinner than rope
         adj.  sincere and friendly
       adv.
          n.  line or ring of policemen, soldiers, etc, esp one which guards sth or prevents people entering or leaving an area
            n.  centre of such fruits as the apple and pear, containing the seeds
       n. large, long-necked, dark-coloured bird which lives near sea coasts and eats fish .
            n.  (esp Brit) (seed of) any of various grain plants, chiefly wheat, oats, rye and maize; such plants while growing
          n.  place where two lines, sides, edges or surfaces meet; angle enclosed by two walls, sides, etc that meet
          n.  brass instrument, like a trumpet but smaller, typically played in brass bands
         n.  ornamental moulding, eg in plaster, round the walls of a room, just below the ceiling .
      n.  ornamental animal's horn shown in art as overflowing with flowers, fruit and corn, symbolizing abundance ,
           adj. (infml derog , ) too often heard or repeated; hackneyed
       n. ~ (fml ) natural consequence or result; thing that logically must be so, once sth else has been established
          n. (astronomy) ring of light seen round the sun or moon, eg during an eclipse
      n. ceremony of crowning a king, a queen or some other sovereign ruler
         n. official who investigates any violent or suspicious death
         n.  small crown worn by a peer or peeress
        adj. of the human body
       adj.  of or shared by all the members of a group; collective
     n.  group of people elected to govern a town; council
       adj.  of or for the body; bodily
           n. military force made up of two or more divisions
          n. dead body
      the property of excessive fatness
       adj. (of a person or his body) fat
          n. collection of written (or sometimes spoken) texts
       n. any of the red or white cells in the blood
          n.  enclosure for horses, cattle, etc on a ranch or farm
         adj.  true; right; accurate
      n.  correcting
       adv. rightly,accuratly
       v. ~ ~ A and/with B have a mutual relation or connection, esp of affecting or depending on each other; (try to) show such a relation or connection between sth and sth else
     n. ~ ~ (between A and B) mutual relationship
     adj. having or showing a relation to sth else
      v.  ~ be in agreement; not contradict sth or each other
  n.  ~ agreement; similarity
   n.  person who contributes news or comments regularly to a newspaper, radio station, etc, esp from abroad
   adj. that corresponds
 [ correspond: ] [usually foll by with or to]  to conform, be in agreement, or be consistent or compatible (with); tally (with)
        n.  long narrow passage, from which doors open into rooms or compartments
     n. corrected error, esp one of a list printed at the beginning of a book
      Capable of reformation.
     v. confirm or give support to
   n. confirmation or support by further evidence, esp from a different source; additional evidence
   adj. tending to corroborate
         v. ~ (away) be destroyed or destroy (sth) slowly, esp by chemical action
       n. corroding or being corroded; corroded area or part
       n, adj that corrodes
       v. be shaped or shape into folds, wrinkles or furrows
      adj. folded, wrinkled or furrowed
     n. fold; wrinkle ;
         adj.  immoral, esp sexually
     adj. that can be corrupted
      n.  corrupting or being corrupted
         n. pirate or pirate ship attacking ships of European countries, esp off the coast of N Africa
          n. close-fitting undergarment worn to shape the body, or support it in case of injury
         n. solemn procession, esp for a funeral
          n. (medical) outer layer of the brain or other organ
       v. flash; sparkle
        n. substance for putting on the body, esp the face, to make it beautiful
          adj. of the whole universe or cosmos
       n. theory of the origin and development of the universe
     The science that describes the universe, including astronomy, geography, and geology.
       n.  scientific study of the universe and its origin and development
    adj.  containing people from all over the world
 A cosmopolitan character.
          the cosmos n the universe, ie all space, seen as a well-ordered system
          v. protect (sb/sth) too carefully; pamper
        [ cosset: ] to pamper; coddle; pet
            v. (with the n phrase indicating price, etc often preceded by an indirect object )  (not usu in the continuous tenses ) be obtainable at the price of; require the payment of
        [ cost: ] the price paid or required for acquiring, producing, or maintaining something, usually measured in money, time, or energy; expense or expenditure; outlay
          adj. costing much; expensive
         n.  garment or style of dress, esp of a particular period or group or for a particular activity
            adj. (approv )  (warm and) comfortable
         n. small group of people with shared activities, interests, tastes, etc, esp one that tends to be exclusive
     adj. ~ (fml ) having a shared boundary
         n. small simple house, esp in the country
          n.  soft white fibrous substance round the seeds of a tropical plant, used for making thread, cloth, etc
           n. long bedlike seat for sitting or lying on; sofa
          n. = puma
           v.  send out air from the lungs violently and noisily, esp to clear one's throat or when one has a cold, etc
           modal v  (indicating permission )
         n.  group of people elected to manage affairs in a city, county, etc
         n.  advice; suggestions
      n.  adviser
       [ counsellor: ] a person who gives counsel; adviser
           v.  ~ (to sth) say or name numbers in order
         [ count: ] to add up or check (each unit in a collection) in order to ascertain the sum; enumerate
     n.  (expression on sb's) face
         n.  long narrow flat surface over which goods are sold or served or business done in a shop, bank, etc
      v. act against and reduce the force or effect of
   n. counteracting
  n. ~ weight or force that balances another
     n, adj made or done so that it is very similar to another thing, in order to deceive; fake
     v. cancel (a command or an order already given), esp by giving a new and opposite one ,
     n. person or thing that corresponds to or has the same function as sb or sth else
    n.  melody added as an accompaniment to another
    n.  = counterbalance
adj. tending to hinder or act against the achievement of an ai
     counterbalance
         n.  area of land that forms a politically independent unit; nation; state
      n.  person living in or born in the same country(1a) as sb else
     n. fields, wooded areas, etc outside towns and cities
          n.  administrative division of Britain, the largest unit of local government
            n. surprising and successful action
          n.  two people or things that are seen together or associated, esp a man and woman together
         n. two successive lines of verse of equal length
         n.  ability to control fear when facing danger, pain, etc; bravery
      adj. brave; fearless
         n.  person employed to guide and assist a group of tourists
          n.  forward movement in time
         A fleet and spirited horse.
           n.  place where trials or other law cases are held
       adj. having or showing good manners; polite ;
        n.  courteous behaviour; good manners
       a room in which the sittings of a law court are hel
       n. = court 4
          n.  child of one's uncle or aunt
           n. meeting or group of witches
        n.  formal agreement that is legally binding
           v.  ~ sth (up/over) (with sth) place sth over or in front of sth; hide or protect sth in this way
        n. thing that covers
          adj. concealed; not open; secret
           v. want very much to possess (esp sth that belongs to sb else)
        adj. ~ (derog ) having or showing a strong desire to possess (esp sth that belongs to sb else)
           n. small flock of partridges
             n.  fully-grown female of any animal of the ox family, esp the domestic kind kept by farmers to produce milk and beef
          n. person who lacks courage; person who runs away from danger
       n. feelings or behaviour of a coward; fearfulness
        adj. lacking courage; of or like a coward
           v. crouch down or move backwards in fear or distress
         n. person who looks after cows
        n.  man in charge of a ship's rowing-boat and its crew
             abbr.  = company
           cheat; hoodwink; swindle
            n.  ten-legged shellfish .
         adj.  small and difficult to read
           n.  ~ line along which sth has broken, but not into separate parts
          n.  small bed for a baby, usu shaped like a box with curved parts underneath so that it can move from side to side
           n.  occupation, esp one that needs skill in the use of the hands; such a skill or technique
       n.  skilled workman, esp one who makes things by hand
          adj. (usu derog ) clever in using indirect or deceitful methods to get what one wants; cunning
            n. high, steep or rugged mass of rock
          adj.  having many crags
            v.  ~ sth (into sth/in) push or force too much of sth into sth
           n.  sudden and painful tightening of the muscles, usu caused by cold or too much exercise, making movement difficult
         adj.  with small letters close together, and therefore difficult to read ,
           n.  large bird with long legs, neck and beak
         n. (anatomy ) bony part of the head enclosing the brain; skull ;
           n. L-shaped bar and handle for converting to-and-fro movement to circular movement
          adj. (infml derog , )  strange; eccentric
           n.  (usu sing ) (loud noise made by a) violent fall, blow or breakage
           adj. (fml derog , )  complete; very great; utter
           n.  large wooden container for transporting goods
          n.  hole in the top of a volcano .
          n. short strip of decorative material worn by men round the neck, folded inside the collar of a shirt
           v.  ~ sth have a strong desire for sth
          adj. cowardly
         n. ~ strong desire
           v.  move slowly, with the body on or close to the ground, or on hands and knees
          n. pencil or stick of soft coloured chalk, wax or charcoal, used for drawing
           adj.  (infml ) insane
           v. make a harsh sound like that of an unoiled door-hinge, or badly-fitting floor-boards when trodden on
           n.  thick yellowish-white liquid that is the fatty part of milk
        n.  place where milk, cream, butter, etc are sold
          adj. looking and feeling like cream; containing much cream
          n.  line made on cloth, paper, etc by crushing, folding or pressing
          v.  cause to exist; make (sth new or original)
        n.  action of creating
        adj.  of or involving creation
      n.
        n.  living being, esp an animal
        n. attach/give credence to sth (fml ) believe (gossip, reports, etc)
      something that entitles a person to confidence, authority, etc.
     n.  quality of being believable
        adj. that can be believed; believable
        adv: I am credibly informed that..., ie I have been told by sb who can be believed
          n.  permission to delay payment for goods and services until after they have been received; system of paying in this way
      adj. ~ deserving praise (although perhaps not outstandingly good); bringing credit1(
      adv: She performed very creditably in the exam
        n. person to whom money is owed
           n. creed
       n. too great a readiness to believe things
       adj. too ready to believe things
           n.  system of beliefs or opinions, esp religious beliefs
           n.  narrow stretch of water flowing inland from a coast; inlet ;
           v.  move slowly, quietly or stealthily, esp crouching low
         v. burn to ashes, esp ceremonially at a funeral
       n. cremating
       A place for cremating dead bodies.
           pt, pp of creep
     adj.  of or like twilight; dim
       adj. adv of or with increasing loudness
           n.  tuft of feathers on a bird's head
     adj. sad because of unexpected failure, disappointment, etc
          n.  person who is deformed and of very low intelligence because of a disease of the thyroid gland
        n. deep open crack in the ice of a glacier
         n. narrow opening or crack in a rock, wall, etc  ,
            n.  people working on a ship, an aircraft, an oil-rig, etc
         n. small brown jumping insect that makes a shrill sound by rubbing its front wings together
           n.  offence for which one may be punished by law
        adj.  of or being crime
     the state or quality of being criminal
     n. scientific study of crime
           v. press (cloth, paper, etc) into small folds or ridges
          v.  ~ move back or lower one's body in fear; cower
        [ cringe: ] to shrink or flinch, esp. in fear or servility
         n. wrinkle or thin crease, esp in material such as tin foil or paper, or in skin ,
         n. person who is unable to walk or move properly because of disease or injury to the spine or legs
          n. time of great difficulty or danger; decisive moment in illness, life, history, etc
           adj. (usu approv )  (esp of food) hard, dry and easily broken
      to move or cause to move in a crosswise pattern
        n. (pl of criterion) standard by which sth is judged
       n. standard by which sth is judged
          n.  person who expresses a low opinion of sb/sth, points out faults in sb/sth, etc
        adj.  ~ looking for faults; pointing out faults
      adv: speak critically of sb  * He is critically ill
       n.  looking for faults; pointing out faults
       to judge (something) with disapproval; censure
      [ criticize: ] to judge (something) with disapproval; censure
        n. critical analysis
           n. deep hoarse sound, like that made by a frog
         n. method of making fabric by looping thread into a pattern of connected stitches, using a hooked needle (called a crochet-hook)
        n. cups, plates, dishes, etc made of baked clay ,
           n. ugly withered old woman
        partiality to cronies especially as evidenced in the appointment of political hangers-on to office without regard to their qualifications
           n.  person who is habitually dishonest
         adj.  not straight or level; twisted, bent or curved
           v. ~ (to sb) hum, sing or say (sth) softly and gently
            n.  amount of grain, hay, fruit, etc grown in one year or season
           n.  mark made by drawing one line across another, eg x or + +
      Also: interbreed  to breed (animals or plants) using parents of different races, varieties, breeds, etc.
       (Military)  (etc.)
       n. = pedestrian crossing (pedestrian)
        n. (music ) note equal to half a minim .
       adj. bad-tempered
          v. lower the body by bending the knees, eg in fear or to hide
            n.  any of various types of large black bird with a harsh cry .
         n. straight iron bar, usu with a hooked end, used as a lever to open crates, move heavy objects, etc
           n.  large number of people gathered together in the open
           n.  ornamental head-dress made of gold, jewels, etc worn by a king or queen on official occasions
         adj. ~ very important; decisive
        n.  pot in which metals are melted
           adj.  in the natural state; unrefined
         adv: crudely assembled  * express oneself crudely
         n.  state or quality of being crude (
           adj.  (derog ) ~ (to sb/sth) (of people) making others suffer, esp intentionally
         adv: I was cruelly deceived
         n.  ~ readiness to cause pain or suffering to others; cruel actions
           n.  small glass bottle containing oil or vinegar for use at meals
          v.  sail about, either for pleasure or, in wartime, looking for enemy ships
         = cruiser (cruise)
           n.  very small piece, esp of bread, cake or biscuit, which has fallen off a larger piece
         v.  ~ (into/to sth); ~ (sth) (up) (cause sth to) be broken or rubbed into very small pieces
       [ crumble: ] to break or be broken into crumbs or fragments
         v.  ~ (into sth); ~ (sth) (up) (cause sth to) be pressed or crushed into folds or creases
          v.  ~ sth crush sth noisily with the teeth when eating
         n.  any one of the military expeditions by the European Christian countries to recover the Holy Land from the Muslims in the Middle Ages
        n. person taking part in a crusade
           v.  press or squeeze hard so that there is breakage or injury
           n.  hard outer surface of a loaf of bread; pastry covering of a pie, tart, etc
      n. any of various types of animal that have a hard outer shell and live mostly in water; shellfish  ;
     Having a crust-like shell.
          n.  support in the form of a pole, placed under the armpit to help a lame person to walk
            n. most vital or difficult part of a matter, an issue, etc
             v.  ~ (for/over sth/sb); ~ (with sth) weep; shed (tears)
       adj.
           n. room beneath the floor of a church
         adj. with a meaning that is hidden or not easily understood; mysterious
     adv: `Yes and no,' she replied cryptically. ,
      n. message written in code
         n.  transparent colourless mineral, such as quartz
     To bring together or give fixed shape to.
    [ crystallize: ] to form or cause to form crystals; assume or cause to assume a crystalline form or structure
             n.  young fox, bear, lion, tiger, etc
            n.  (geometry ) solid body with six equal square sides
           adj.  having the volume of a cube with sides of the specified length
         n. small compartment made by separating off part of a larger room, eg for dressing, undressing or sleeping in
          n. migratory bird with a call that sounds like its name, that leaves its eggs in the nests of other birds
        n.  long green-skinned fleshy vegetable used raw in sandwiches and salads, or pickled
          v.  hold close and lovingly in one's arms
          n.  short thick stick or club
             n.  ~ thing said or done to signal sb's turn to say or do sth, esp in a theatrical or other performance
            n.  end of a coat or shirt sleeve at the wrist
         n. piece of armour protecting the upper body, consisting of a breastplate and back-plate fastened together
         n. (style of) cooking
      n. (French ) street open at one end only; blind alley ;
        adj. of or for cooking
            v.  kill (a certain number of usu weaker animals) in a herd, in order to reduce its size
       v. ~ in sthhave the specified final conclusion or result
     n. eventual conclusion or result
     n.
        adj. ~ deserving blame; blameworthy
         n. person who has done sth wrong; offender
            n.  system of religious worship, esp one that is expressed in rituals
       v.  prepare and use (land, soil, etc) for growing crops
      adj. having or showing good taste and refinement
     n. cultivating or being cultivated
         n.  refined understanding and appreciation of art, literature, etc
         n. drain that crosses beneath a road, railway, etc; underground channel for electrical cables  ;
          hold back
      adj.  heavy and difficult to carry, wear, etc
      adj. gradually increasing in amount, force, etc by one addition after another
         n. cloud formed of rounded masses heaped on a flat base
         adj.  clever at deceiving people
       adv: cunningly concealed
             n.  small bowl-shaped container, usu with a handle, for drinking tea, coffee, etc from; its contents; the amount it will hold
        n.  set of shelves with a door or doors in front, either built into the wall of a room or as a separate piece of furniture, used for storing food, clothes, dishes, etc
        n. greed, esp for money or possessions
             n.  vicious or bad-tempered dog, esp a mongrel
         adj. that can be cured
          n.  clergyman who helps a parish priest
        adj. helping to, able to or intended to cure illness, etc
         n. person in charge of a museum, an art gallery, etc
            n.  ~ thing that restrains or controls
            n.  thick soft substance formed when milk turns sour, used to make cheese
          v. form into curds
            v.  ~ sb (of sth) make sb healthy again
          n. signal or time after which people must stay indoors until the next day
           n. small object that is quite rare or unusual
       n.  ~ being curious(1a); inquisitiveness
         adj.  ~ (approv ) eager to know or learn
            n.  thing, esp a small bunch of hair, that curves round and round like a spiral or the thread of a screw
           adj. curling; full of curls
      n. bad-tempered person
    adj. a curmudgeonly person, act
        n.  money system in use in a country
         adj.  of the present time; happening now
       adv. at the present time
        [ current: ] of the immediate present; in progress
      n. subjects included in a course of study or taught at a particular school, college, etc
         base and cowardly
           n. dish of meat, fish, vegetables, etc cooked with certain hot-tasting spices, usu served with rice
           n.  impolite or obscene word or words used to express violent anger
          adj. hateful; unpleasant
         adj. with letters rounded and joined together
       adv.
         adj. done quickly and not thoroughly; (too) hurried
            adj. (of a speaker, his manner, what he says) rudely brief; abrupt
         v. make shorter or less; reduce
         n.  (US drape) piece of material hung to cover a window, and usu movable sideways
         n. bend of the knees with one foot in front of the other, performed by women as a sign of respect, eg to a monarch
          A downward movement of the body by bending the knees.
      adj. (of a woman) having an attractively rounded figure
           n.  line of which no part is straight and which changes direction without angles
          [ curve: ] a continuously bending line that has no straight parts
         n.  small bag filled with soft material, feathers, etc, used to make a seat more comfortable, to kneel on, etc  ,
           adj. (infml often derog , )  (esp of a job) not requiring much effort
          adj. (of people) unwilling to agree or co-operate; obstinate; contrary (3)
       n. person who takes care of or looks after sth
         n.  taking care of sb/sth
          n.  usual, generally accepted and long-established way of behaving or doing things
       adj. according to custom; usual
        n.  person who buys sth from a tradesman, shop, etc
         n.  taxes payable to the Government on goods imported from other countries; import duties
             v.  make an opening, slit or wound in (sth) with a sharp-edged tool,(eg a knife or a pair of scissors)
            adj. (sometimes derog )  attractive; pretty and charming
         n. skin at the base of a finger-nail or toe-nail .
         n. knives, forks and spoons used for eating and serving food
          n.  person or thing that cuts
      n. sea animal with ten arms(tentacles), which sends out black fluid when threatened
            a highly saturated green-blue that is the complementary colour of red and forms, with magenta and yellow, a set of primary colour
           n.  series of events that are regularly repeated in the same order
          adj. recurring in cycles; regularly repeated
        [ cyclic: ] recurring or revolving in cycles
      adv.
         Like a circle.
         n.  system of winds turning round a calm area of low pressure
        adj. of or like a cyclone
          n. young swan
        n.  (geometry ) solid or hollow curved body with circular ends and straight sides
     adj. cylinder-shaped
           n.  person who believes that people do not do things for good, sincere or noble reasons, but only for their own advantage
         adj.  of or like a cynic
        n. cynical attitude
        n. person or thing that attracts everybody's attention or admiration; centre of attraction
         n. type of tall thin cone-bearing evergreen tree with dark leaves and hard wood .
        the branch of biology that studies the structure and function of cells
          v.  ~ sth splash (hands, feet, etc) around in water
         n: He's not a dedicated musician, just a dabbler. ,
        [ dabble: ] to dip, move, or splash (the fingers, feet, etc.) in a liquid
             n. father
            adj. (infml ) foolish; silly
          n.  short pointed two-edged knife used as a weapon
   n. early type of photograph using a chemically treated plate
           adj. , adv  done, produced or happening every day
          adj.  (of things) small and pretty
           n.  place where milk is kept and milk products are made
            n. raised platform, esp at one end of a room, for a speaker, etc
       n. frivolous behaviour, esp flirtation
           v.  ~ (over sth) waste time
             n.  barrier built across a river to hold back the water and form a reservoir, prevent flooding, etc
          n.  ~ loss of value, attractiveness or usefulness caused by an event, accident, etc
            v.  condemn (sb) to suffer in hell
         adj. very unfavourable
            adj.  not completely dry; slightly wet
          [ damp: ] slightly wet, as from dew, steam, etc.
          v.  make damp
          n.  movable metal plate that controls the flow of air into a fire in a stove, furnace, etc
         [ damp: ] slightly wet, as from dew, steam, etc.
        n.
          n.  girl; young unmarried woman ;
           n.  (series of) movements and steps in time to music
          person who dances
          n. get sb's/one's dander up (infml ) make sb/become angry
       adj. like or typical of a dandy
         to dress like or cause to resemble a dandy
           n. man who cares too much about the smartness of his clothes and his appearance
            n. native of Denmark
          n.  ~ chance of suffering damage, loss, injury, etc; risk
       adj. ~ likely to cause danger or be a danger
          v.  hang or swing loosely
          n, adj of Denmark and the Danes
            adj. unpleasantly damp and cold
          adj. (usu of a small person) neat and smart in appearance; nimble in movement
         adj. having patches of different colour or shades of colour
        [ dapple: ] to mark or become marked with spots or patches of a different colour; mottle
            modal v. have sufficient courage or impudence (to do sth) ; (used esp in negative sentences and questions, after if/whether, or with hardly, never, no one, nobody , if/whether, hardly never no one nobody)
       n. person who is foolishly bold or reckless
          n. adventurous courage; boldness
            n.  the dark absence of light
          v.  become dark
          to grow dark; darken
        n. state of being dark
         n. person or thing much liked or loved
            v. mend by passing a thread through the material in two directions
            n.  small pointed missile used as a weapon or in the game of darts
       The doctrine that natural selection has been the prime cause of evolution of higher forms.
            n.  ~ sudden forward movement
       n. board or panel below the windscreen of a motor vehicle, carrying various instruments and controls .
         adj. lively and exciting
         a person who acts treacherously or underhandedly
            n. facts or information used in deciding or discussing sth
            n.  specific numbered day of the month, or specific year, usu given to show when sth happened or is to happen
           A premise, starting-point, or given fact.
            v.  ~ A on ~ B (with A) put (a soft substance) on (a surface) in a rough or careless way
        n. one's female child .
           v.  discourage (sb); frighten
         [ daunt: ] to intimidate
        adj. discouraging; frightening
       adj. not easily discouraged or frightened
          v. be slow; waste time
         person who is slow/waste of time
            n.  time of day when light first appears; daybreak
             n.  time between sunrise and sunset
        n.  light during daytime
         n. time between sunrise and sunset
            v. make (sb) confused and unable to react properly
          v. blind (sb) briefly with too much light, brilliance, etc
         [ dazzle: ] [usually tr]  to blind or be blinded partially and temporarily by sudden excessive light
        adj. a dazzling display of sporting skill
      to make inactive or ineffective
            adj.  no longer alive
          v.  lessen the force or intensity of
        n. complete failure to reach agreement or to settle a quarrel or grievance
          adj.  causing, or likely to cause, death
         marked by an impassive matter-of-fact manner, style, or expression
            adj.  unable to hear at all or to hear well
          v. make (sb) feel deaf or unable to hear sounds around him by making a very loud noise
       adj. very loud
            n. (planks of) fir or pine wood
          n.  person who distributes playing-cards
         n.  way of behaving, esp in business
           pt, pp of deal3
            n.  clergyman who is head of a cathedral chapter
            adj.  ~ (to sb) loved (by sb); greatly valued
          n. ~ shortage; scarcity
           n.  dying or being killed
         n. sudden and complete failure; fiasco
           to exclude from a place, a right, etc.; bar
          v. ~ (from sth) = disembark
     n. = disembarkation
          v.  lower the quality, status or value of
       adj. not certain; open to question; arguable
          n. formal argument or discussion of a question, eg at a public meeting or in Parliament, with two or more opposing speakers, and often ending in a vote
         v. make act immorally by using bad influence
      n. immoral behaviour, esp in sexual matters
       n. certificate given by a business corporation, etc as a receipt for money lent at a fixed rate of interest until the loan is repaid
      v. make very weak
    [ debilitate: ] to make feeble; weaken
        n. physical weakness
           n. (in bookkeeping) written note in an account of a sum owed or paid out
        adj. cheerful and self-assured
         v. ~ (military ) (of troops) come out into open ground
         v. question (a soldier, an astronaut, a diplomat, etc) esp about a mission that he has just completed
          n. scattered fragments; wreckage
            n.  sum of money owed to sb that has not yet been paid
          n. person who owes money to sb
          v. show that the reputation of is undeserved or exaggerated
           n. first appearance in public as a performer
       n. young woman making her first appearance in fashionable society
          n. period of ten years
       n. (falling to a) lower level (in morals, art, literature, etc) esp after a period at a high level
        adj. depraved,
         A figure with ten sides and ten angles.
        A weight of 10 grams.
       A liquid and dry measure of 10 liters.
       n. the Decalogue the Ten Commandments given to Moses by God
       A length of ten meters.
          v.  ~ go away suddenly and often secretly (taking sth with one)
          v. ~ sth pour (wine, etc) from a bottle into another container, esp slowly so that the sediment is left behind
        n. glass bottle with a stopper into which wine, etc may be decanted before serving .
      v. cut the head off
         Ten-footed or ten-armed.
    [ decasyllable: ] adjectiv
           v.  become bad; rot; decompose
         n. death (of a person)
          n.  deliberately leading sb to believe or accept sth that is false, usu so as to get sth for oneself; deceiving
       adj.  often deceiving people; dishonest
   n.
         v.  ~ sb/oneself make sb believe sth that is not true (so as to make him do sth); deliberately mislead sb
      v. slow down
    n. slowing down or being caused to slow down
        n. the twelfth month of the year, next after November
         n.  quality of being or appearing as respectable people would wish
          adj.  proper; acceptable
    to reorganize (a government, industry, etc.) into smaller more autonomous units
       n.  deceiving or being deceived
       adj. likely to deceive; misleading
     adv.
   [ deceptive: ] likely or designed to deceive; misleading
         n. unit for measuring the relative loudness of sounds, or for measuring power levels in electrical communications
          v.  settle give a judgement on (sth)
         adj.  clear; definite
       [ decided: ] unmistakable
       adj. that loses its leaves annually, usu in autumn
         adj. based on or reckoned in tens or tenths
        v. kill or destroy a large part of (sth)
      n.
        v. succeed in understanding
    adj. that can be deciphered
        n.  ~ ~ (to do sth) deciding; making up one's mind
        adj.  having a particular, important or conclusive effect
      adv: act, answer decisively
    (n.) an act of being firm or determined
            n.  any of the floors of a ship in or above the hull
         v.  speak as if addressing an audience
     n. declaiming
     adj. formal and rhetorical; with great feeling
     n.  declaring; formally announcing
     Containing a formal, positive, or explicit statement or affirmation.
         v.  formally announce (sth); make known clearly
      v. declare (information) to be no longer secret
      n. varying the endings of nouns and pronouns according to their function in a sentence
     n. deviation of the needle of a compass, east or west from true north
         v.  say `no' to (sth); refuse (sth offered), usu politely
        [ decline: ] to refuse to do or accept (something), esp. politely
       [ decline: ] to refuse to do or accept (something), esp. politely
       n. downward slope
          v. find the meaning of (sth written in code)
         [ decode: ] to convert (a message, text, etc.) from code into ordinary language
       adj. (of a dress, etc) with a low neckline ,
       v.  become bad or rotten; decay
   n.
   v. remove contamination from (a building, clothes, an area, etc)
           n. furnishing and decoration of a room, stage, etc
        v.  ~ sth make sth (more) beautiful by adding ornaments to it
      n.  decorating or being decorated
      adj. that makes sth look beautiful
        adj. dignified and socially acceptable
         n. dignified and socially acceptable behaviour
           n. (real or imitation) bird or animal used to attract others so that they can be shot or trapped
        v. become smaller or fewer; diminish
          n.  order given by a ruler or an authority and having the force of a law
        adj. made weak by age or hard use
     n. state of being decrepit
           v. ~ sb/sth (as sth) speak critically of sb/sth to make him/it seem less valuable, useful, etc; disparage sb/sth
        v.  ~ oneself/sth to sth give or devote to(a noble cause or purpose)
       adj.  devoted to sth; committed
      n. ~  devotion to a cause or an aim
          v. ~ sth arrive at (facts, a theory, etc) by reasoning; infer sth
       adj. that may be deduced
          v. ~ sth take away (an amount or a part)
       n. ~  reasoning from general principles to a particular case; deducing
       adj. of, using or reasoning by deduction
            n.  act; thing done
            v. consider; regard
            adj.  extending a long way from top to bottom
          v. become deep or deeper
          adv.  a long way down or through sth
            n. any of several types of graceful, quick-running, ruminant animal, the male of which has antlers .
          v. spoil the appearance or legibility of by marking or damaging the surface
      n. defacing or being defaced
       misuse money held in trust
      n. defaming or being defamed
      adj. intended to defame
          v. attack the good reputation of say bad things about (sb)
         n.  failure to do sth, esp to pay a debt or appear in court
          v.  win a victory over (sb); overcome
       n. attitude or behaviour that shows one expects not to succeed
       n. person who shows defeatism . -- adj
        v. push out waste from the body through the anus
          n. fault or lack that spoils a person or thing
       n. ~  deserting a party, cause, religion, etc   ,
       adj. ~ having a defect or defects; imperfect or incomplete
         n.  ~ defending from attack; fighting against attack
          v.  ~ sb/sth protect sb/sth from harm; guard sb/sth ;
       n. person accused or sued in a legal case
        [ defend: ] to protect (a person, place, etc.) from harm or danger; ward off an attack on
         [ defence: ] resistance against danger, attack, or harm; protection
      adj. that can be defended
       adj.  used for or intended for defending
           v. ~ sth (to sth) delay sth until a later time; postpone sth
       n.  giving way to the views, wishes, etc of others, usu out of respect; respect
     adj. showing deference
      [ defer: ] to delay or cause to be delayed until a future time; postpone
        n.  open disobedience or resistance; refusal to give way to authority or opposition; defying
         adj. showing defiance; openly opposing or resisting sb/sth
      n. ~  state of lacking sth essential
       adj. ~ in sth lacking in sth
         n. amount by which sth, esp a sum of money, is too small
          v.  make (sth) dirty or impure
      n. defiling or being defiled
          v.  ~ sth state precisely the meaning of (eg words)
         [ define: ] to state precisely the meaning of (words, terms, etc.)
        adj. clear; not doubtful
      adv.  in a definite manner
      n.  stating the exact meaning (of words, etc)
      adj. clear and having final authority; that cannot or need not be changed
         v.   let air or gas out of (a balloon, tyre, etc); let down
        [ deflate: ] to collapse or cause to collapse through the release of gas
         v.  ~ (from sth) (cause sth to) turn from its direction of movement
      n.  deflecting (deflect 1) or being deflected
       n. chemical used on trees and plants to destroy the leaves
       v. destroy the leaves of
        v. remove forests from
   n.
          v. spoil the shape or appearance of
     n. process of deforming
       n. being deformed
         v. ~ sb get sth from sb by deception; cheat sb
          v. provide money for (sth); pay for (sth)
         v. = unfrock
            adj. ~ skilful and quick, esp with the hands
         adj. (of people) dead
          v.  remove or make useless the device that sets off
            v.  disobey or refuse to respect (sb, an authority, etc)
      A becoming worse.
      v. ~ (into sth) pass into a worse physical, mental or moral state than one which is considered normal or desirable
     n. degrading or being degraded
         v.  cause to be less moral and less deserving of respect
          n.  unit of measurement for angles
      deprive of human qualities
       v.  remove water or moisture from
     n. loss of water or moisture
           make or become free of frost or ice
     n. deifying or being deified
           v. make a god of (sb/sth); worship as a god
           v. be kind or gracious enough (to do sth); condescend
           n. belief in the existence of God that is based more on natural laws of the world than on divine revelation
           n. person who holds such a belief
           n.  god or goddess
          to make gloomy
        adj. depressed; sad
       n. sad or dejected state; depression
           v.  be slow or late
      adj. (esp of food) delightful; pleasant
     n. enjoyment; entertainment
        n. person chosen or elected by others to express their views
      n.  delegating or being delegated
          v. ~ sth cross out or deliberately omit (sth written or printed)
     adj. ~ (fml ) harmful
      adj.  done on purpose; intentional
    adv. unhurriedly
    n.  careful consideration or discussion
        n.  softness or tenderness when touched
        adj.  soft or tender when touched; made of sth fine or thin
      [ delicate: ] exquisite, fine, or subtle in quality, character, construction, etc.
       adj. giving pleasure, esp to the senses of taste and smell
         n.  great pleasure; joy
       adj. ~ very pleased; showing delight
      adj. ~ giving delight
         v. fix the limits or boundaries of
       v. show (sth) by drawing or describing; portray
     n. minor crime such as vandalism, esp when committed by young people
      n, adj doing wrong or failing to perform a duty
      To dissolve gradually and become liquid by absorption of moisture from the air.
    adj. becoming liquid by absorbing moisture from the air
       adj.  suffering from delirium
        n.  mental disturbance caused by illness, resulting in restlessness and often wild talk
         v.  ~ (to sb/sth) take (letters, parcels, goods, etc) to the places or people they are addressed to
       n.  person who delivers (deliver 1
        n.  delivering (of letters, goods, etc)
           n.  the fourth letter of the Greek alphabet }
          v. ~ sb deliberately mislead sb; deceive sb
          n.  great flood or rush of water
        n.  deluding or being deluded
        adj. not real; misleading
           v.  ~ in/into sth search or rummage in sth
     To deprive (a magnet) of magnetism.
       n. political leader who tries to win people's support by using emotional and often unreasonable arguments
        n. principles and methods of a demagogue
          n. ~ (for sth/that...) command, or sth which is given as if it was a command
      [ demand: ] to request peremptorily or urgently
       adj. (of a task, etc) needing much patience, skill, effort, etc
       v. mark or fix the limits of
     n. limit or boundary, esp between types of work considered by trade unions to belong to workers in different trades
          v. ~ oneself lower oneself in dignity; deprive oneself of others' respect
        behavior; bearing ; behavioral attributes
       n. way of behaving; conduct
        adj. mad
         n. fault; defect
         n. possession and use of land as one's own property
          n.  death
      relieve from military service
       n.  system of government by the whole people of a country, esp through representatives whom they elect
      adj.  based on the principles of democracy
  adv: democratically elected, decided, etc
     n. expert in such studies
     related to population balance
      n. study of statistics of births, deaths, diseases, etc in order to show the state of a community
        v.  pull or knock down (a building, etc)
      the act of demolishing;  especially :destruction in war by means of explosives
           n.  wicked or cruel spirit
        adj. very evil; devilish
    adj. that can be shown or proved
     v.  ~ sth (to sb) show sth clearly by giving proof or evidence
   n.  showing sth by giving proof or evidence
   adj.  (of people) showing the feelings readily
 [ demonstrative: ] tending to manifest or express one's feelings easily or unreservedly
    n.  person who teaches or explains by demonstrating (demonstrate
      a:to weaken the morale of:DISCOURAGE, DISPIRIT  b:to upset or destroy the normal functioning of  c:to throw into disorder
          v. ~ sb (to sth) reduce sb to a lower rank or grade
         adj. of or used by ordinary people
       Any application soothing to an irritable surface
           v. ~ (at sth) (fml ) express a doubt (about sth) or an objection (to sth)
          adj. (pretending to be) quiet, serious and modest
       the detention of a vessel beyond the specified time of sailing.
 n. action of making sth less mysterious
       v. make (sth) less mysterious; make clear
             n.  animal's hidden home, eg a cave
        Like a tree.
      The natural history of trees.
          n.  ~ statement that sth is not true
       v. claim that (sb/sth) is inferior, worthless, etc; belittle
     n.
         n. person or type of animal or plant living or growing permanently in a place
      To give a name or epithet to.
    n.  name, esp of a general class or type; classification
  adj. of denominations
     n. number below the line in a fraction, showing how many parts the whole is divided into, eg 4 in  4
      meaning; distinguishing by name
      able to denote; designative
          v. be the name, sign or symbol of (sth); refer to
      n. last part, esp of a novel, play, etc, in which everything is settled or made clear
        v.  ~ sb (to sb) (as sth) give information (to the authorities) against sb
           adj.  very heavy in relation to each unit of volume
         n.  quality of being dense(1b
            n.  hollow place in a hard even surface made by a blow or pressure
      n. powder or paste used for cleaning the teeth
         n. person whose work is filling, cleaning and taking out teeth, and fitting artificial teeth
         n. = plate 9
          to strip of all covering or surface layers
      to pronounce especially publicly to be blameworthy or evil
    n. denouncing
            v.  say that (sth) is not true
       n. substance that removes or disguises odours
          v.  ~ (for...) (from...) go away; leave
      n.  each of several divisions of a government, business, shop, university, etc
    adj. of a department, rather than the whole organization
       n.  ~ (from.) departing; going away
          v.  that de`pends; it (all) de`pends (used alone, or at the beginning of a sentence , ) the result will be decided by sth mentioned or implied
   n.
      adj. ithat may be depended on
       n. person who depends on others for a home, food, etc
      n. ~ on/upon sb/sth  trust in sb/sth; reliance on sb/sth
      n. country governed or controlled by another
       adj.  ~ needing support from sb
          v. show (sb/sth) as a picture; portray
         v. reduce greatly the quantity, size, power or value of
       n. depleting or being depleted
      adj. that is, or should be, condemned
         v. be shocked or offended by (sth); condemn
          v. (cause troops, etc to) move into the correct position for battle
        n. person who makes a written statement for use in a lawcourt
      v. reduce the number of people living in
          v. ~ sb legally force (a foreigner, criminal, etc) to leave a country
     n. deporting or being deported
      n. (Brit) way of standing and walking; bearing
          v.  remove from power
         v.  put (money) into a bank, esp to earn interest, etc
      n.  removing from power; dethronement
       n. person who deposits
      n. place where things, eg furniture, are stored; storehouse ;
           n. storehouse, esp for military supplies; warehouse ;
         v. make (sb) morally bad; corrupt
        adj. morally bad; corrupt
       n. state of being depraved; corruption
       v. feel and express disapproval of (sth)
     adj. a deprecatory remark, view, etc
      v.  become less valuable
    adj. depreciatory remarks about a great achievement
       (rare)
     n. damage caused by an attack, accident, etc
         v.  make sad and without enthusiasm
      n, adj that reduces mental or physical activity
       adj. sad and without enthusiasm
      n.  being depressed; low spirits
     n.  depriving or being deprived
         v. ~ sb/sth of sth take sth away from sb/sth; prevent sb/sth from enjoying or using sth ;
           n.  distance from the top down
          v.  ~ sth to sb give (one's work, authority, etc) to sb else
        verb  to appoint or act as deput
          n.  person who is given work, authority, etc
      vt. to pull out by the roots; uproot
          v. cause to go off the rails
         to disturb the order or arrangement of; throw into disorder; disarrange
        adj. unable to act and think normally, esp because of mental illness; seriously disturbed
     n.
        adj. deserted and allowed to fall into ruins; dilapidated
     n.  being derelict
          v. ~ sb/sth treat sb/sth as funny and not worthy of serious attention; mock sb/sth
         [ deride: ] to speak of or treat with contempt, mockery, or ridicule; scoff or jeer at
        n. ridicule or mockery
        adj. showing ridicule or mockery
      n.  development or origin
      adj. derived from sth else; not original
          v.  ~ sth from sth obtain sth from sth; get sth from sth
   n. expert in dermatology
     n. medical study of the skin and its diseases, etc
        v. ~ from sth cause sth to seem inferior; detract from sth
      adj. showing a hostile or critical attitude (to sb's reputation, etc); insulting
         n.  large crane for moving or lifting heavy weights, esp on a ship
      v. remove salt from
  [ desalination: ] desalinization, desalinisation
      remove salt from
         n. treble accompaniment (often improvised) which is sung or played to a melody
         v.  come or go down (sth)
      n. person descended from another
         n.  coming or going down
        v. ~ sb/sth (to/for sb); ~ sb/sth as sth say what sb/sth is like; depict sth in words
     n.  saying in words what sb/sth is like
     adj.  giving a picture in words
          v. (fml ) see (sth) esp a long way away; catch sight of
       n. treat in an unworthy or evil way
          v.  go away from (a place) without intending ever to return
        adj. with no one present
        n. person who deserts (desert1
 a process by which fertile land turns into barren land or deser
       n. deserting or being deserted
         n. what one deserves
         v.  be sth or have done sth for which one should receive (a reward, special treatment, etc); be entitled to; merit
        [ deserve: ] vt. to be entitled to or worthy of; merit
       n. substance that absorbs moisture, and is often used to keep food in good condition
       v. remove all the moisture from to preserve it
      dehydrated and powdered
     [ desiccate: ] vt. to remove most of the water from (a substance or material); dehydrate
     n. (fml ) thing that is lacking and needed
          n.  ~ (for sth) drawing or outline from which sth may be made
       adj. appointed to a job (but not yet having officially started it)
     n.  ~ (as sth) appointing of sb to an office
      advintentionally; on purpose ; . designing n art of making designs
        n. person whose job is designing
    n.
       adj.  ~ worth having; to be wished for
          n. ~ (for sth/to do sth) strong sexual longing
        adj. ~ of sth/doing sth; ~ that... having a wish for (sth); wanting
          v. ~ (fml ) stop sth/doing sth; cease
            n.  piece of furniture with a flat or sloping top, often with drawers, at which one can read, write or do business
        adj.  deserted and miserable
      n.
         n.  state of having lost all hope
      adj. showing despair
       n. (dated ) man who commits dangerous, esp criminal, acts without worrying about himself or other people
       adj.  feeling or showing great despair and ready to do anything regardless of danger
      adj. ~ (to do sth) deserving to be despised; contemptible
      adv: behave despicably
         v.  ~ sb/sth (for sth) feel contempt for sb/sth; consider sb/sth as worthless
         prep without being affected by
         v. ~sth (fml ) rob (a place) of sth valuable; plunder sth
         To lose spirit, courage, or hope.
      adj. ~ having or showing loss of hope; wretched
          An absolute and irresponsible monarch.
        characteristic of an absolute ruler or absolute rule; having absolute sovereignty
       tyranny
         n. any sweet dish, (eg pie, tart, ice-cream) eaten at the end of a meal
     to undermine or subvert (a government, economy, etc.) so as to cause unrest or collapse
    [ destabilize: ] to undermine or subvert (a government, economy, etc.) so as to cause unrest or collapse
     n. place to which sb/sth is going or being sent
         to set apart or appoint (for a certain purpose or person, or to do something); intend; design
        adj.  ~ for sth/to do sth; be ~ that. having a future which has been decided or planned beforehand
         n.  power believed to control events
       adj.  without money, food, etc and other things necessary for life; impoverished
     n. being destitute
         v.  damage so badly that it no longer exists, works, etc; wreck
    adj. that can be destroyed
     n. destroying or being destroyed
     adj. causing destruction or serious damage
       n. fall into de`suetude (fml ) cease being used
       adj. going from one thing to another, without a definite plan or purpose; unmethodical
          v.  ~ sth unfasten sth from sth; disconnect sth
      adj. that can be detached
        adj.  not influenced by others; impartial
      n.  detaching or being detached
          n.  small, particular fact or item
        adj. having many details or paying great attention to details; thorough
          v.  prevent from leaving or doing sth; delay
        [ detain: ] to delay; hold back; stop
          v. discover or recognize that (sth) is present
       n. detecting; discovering
       n. person, esp a police officer, whose job it is to investigate and solve crimes
        n. device for detecting changes in pressure or temperature, metals, explosives, etc
         n. lessening of dangerous tension, esp between countries
       n. detaining or being detained, esp in prison
           v. ~ sb (from doing sth) make sb decide not to do sth
       n. , adj that removes dirt, eg from the surface of clothes or dishes
     v. ~ become worse in quality or condition
   n.
     n, adj (thing) that determines or decides how or if sth happens
     adj. limited in range or scope; definite ;
   n.  ~ quality of being firmly committed to doing sth; resoluteness
       v.  fix (sth) precisely; decide
      adj. ~ with one's mind firmly made up; resolute
  [ determined: ] adj. of unwavering mind; resolute; firm
       n, adj that deters or is meant to deter
          v. dislike very much; hate
      adj. that one hates; hateful
        v. explode; (be) set off
      n. explosion
          n. route that avoids a blocked road, etc; deviation
      remove poison from
  n. action of removing poison or harmful substances, eg addictive drugs
        v. remove poison or harmful substances from (sb/sth)
         v. ~ from sth make sth seem less valuable or important
      n. unfair criticism of sb/sth; belittling ;
       n. person who criticizes sb/sth unfairly
       harm; damage
     adj. ~ harmful
   adv: detrimentally affected
        n. matter such as sand, silt or gravel produced by the wearing away of rocks, etc ,
       v. completely destroy (sth); ruin
      [ devastate: ] to lay waste or make desolate; ravage; destroy
     adj.  very destructive
     n. devastating or being devastated
         v.  ~ (from sth) (into sth) (cause sb/sth to) grow gradually; become or make more mature, advanced or organized
     n.  developing or being developed
        deviancy ns deviant tendencies or behaviour
         n, adj (person who is) different in moral or social standards from what is considered normal
         v. ~ from sth stop following
       n. ~  not following the normal or expected course, plan, etc; deviating
    n. practice of political deviation
          n.  thing made or adapted for a special purpose
           n.  the Devil supreme evil being; Satan
         Malicious mischief.
         adj.  cunning; dishonest
     n.
          v. think out (a plan, system, tool, etc); invent
          adj. ~ of sth without sth; completely lacking in sth
      n. transfer of power or authority, esp from central government to regional authorities ,
         v.  ~ on/upon sb (of work, duties) be transferred or passed to sb
          v. ~ oneself/sth to sb/sth give to sb/sth; dedicate  ;
         adj. ~ very loving or loyal
         n. person who is devoted to sth; enthusiast
        n.  ~ deep strong love
      adj. of or used in religious worship
          v.  eat (sth) hungrily or greedily
          adj.  sincerely religious; pious
             n. tiny drops of moisture condensed on cool surfaces from water vapour in the air, esp at night
       n. skill, esp in using one's hands
       adj. skilful with one's hands
        n. disease of the pancreas which prevents sugar and starch being properly absorbed
        adj. of or like a devil
      adj.  = diabolic
       To represent as diabolical
       n. adj mark (eg an accent, a diaeresis or a cedilla) placed above or below a written or printed letter to indicate different sounds
     Marking a difference.
          n. crown worn as a sign of royal power
        v. ~ sth find out the nature of (esp an illness) by observing its symptoms
       n. diagnosing
      adj. of diagnosis
        adj. crossing a straight-sided figure, eg a rectangle, from corner to corner .
         n. drawing or plan that uses simple lines rather than realistic details to explain or illustrate a machine, structure, process, etc
    adj. a diagrammatic map
            n.  face of a clock or watch
         n. form of a language used in a part of a country or by a class of people
       adj. dialectal differences between two areas
       n. (philosophy )  art of discovering and testing truths by discussion and logical argument
     adj. of or relating to dialectic
    n. person who is skilled in dialectic
          [ dialogue: ] conversation between two or more people
        n.  (writing in the form of a) conversation or talk
        n. (medical) process of purifying blood by passing it through a membrane, used esp for treating patients with damaged kidneys
        n. straight line connecting the centre of a circle or sphere, or of the base of a cylinder, to two points on its sides
         n.  transparent precious stone of pure carbon in crystallized form, the hardest substance known
      adj. light, very fine and almost transparent
       n.  wall of muscle, between the chest and the abdomen, that helps to control breathing
       n. condition that causes waste matter to be emptied from the bowels frequently and in a watery form
           n. daily record of events, thoughts, appointments, etc
        Containing only two atoms.
        n. ~ lengthy and bitter attack in words
     [ dichotomy: ] division into two parts or classifications, esp. when they are sharply distinguished or opposed
       n. ~ (fml ) separation into or between two groups or things that are opposed, entirely different, etc
      n. machine that records speech, esp dictated letters, and plays it back so that a secretary can type it out
         v.  ~ (to sb) say or read aloud (words to be typed, written down or recorded on tape)
       n.  action of giving or taking sth dictated
        n.  ruler who has total power over his country, esp one who has obtained it by force and uses it in a cruel way
    n.  government by a dictator
         n. style or manner of speaking or (sometimes) writing
      n. book that lists and explains the words of a language, or gives translations of them into one or more other languages, and is usu arranged in alphabetical order
          n. saying; maxim
             pt of do
        adj.  intended to teach
       instructive especially excessively
             n. block of hard metal with a design, etc cut into it, used for shaping coins, printing-type, medals, etc or for stamping paper, leather, etc so that designs stand out from the surface
         strongly or fanatically determined or devoted
        n. person who is stubborn, esp in resisting change
          n.  oil-burning engine (used eg for buses and locomotives) in which fuel is ignited by sudden compression
            n.  sort of food that is usually eaten
       n. science of diet and nutrition
       n. expert in dietetics
       a person who specializes in dietetic
          v. ~ not be the same (as sb/sth); be unlike
      n.  ~ ~ (in/of sth) state or way in which two people or things are not the same, or in which sb/sth has changed
       adj.  ~ (than sb/sth) not the same (as sb/sth)
     Any essential characteristic of a species by reason of which it differs from other species.
    adj. of, showing or depending on a difference
   v.  ~ between A and B; ~ A (from B) see or show (two things) to be different; show sth to be different (from sth else)
  [ differentiate: ] vt. to serve to distinguish between
       adj.  ~ (of tasks) requiring effort or skill; not easy
      n.  ~ state or quality of being difficult; trouble or effort that sth involves
      shyness
       adj. ~ not having or showing much belief in one's own abilities; lacking self-confidence
         v.  spread all around; send out in all directions
       n. diffusing or being diffused
             v.  use one's hands, a spade, a machine, etc to break up and move (earth, etc); advance by doing this
          n. short condensed account; summary
      adjthat can be digested
       n. digesting
       adj. of digestion
           n.  any of the ten Arabic numerals 0 to 9 09
         adj.  showing amounts by means of numbers
       n. person with a high rank or position
         n.  quality that earns or deserves respect; true worth
         n. two letters that represent a single sound
         v. ~ turn or wander (from the main topic) in speech or writing
      [ digress: ] to depart from the main subject in speech or writing
      n. digressing
      wandering away from the subject
      to bring into a condition of decay or partial ruin
     adj. falling to pieces; in a bad state of repair
    n.
          v.  become wider, larger or further open
         [ dilate: ] to expand or cause to expand; make or become wider or larger
        adj. ~ (in doing sth) slow in acting
         n.  situation in which one has to choose between two undesirable things or courses of action
      n. (often derog ) person who studies or does sth, but without serious interest or understanding
    adj. a dilettantish follower of the arts
    [ dilettante: ] a person whose interest in a subject is superficial rather than professional
       n. ~ steady effort; careful hard work
        adj. ~ showing care and effort (in what one does); hard-working
      adv.
          v. ~ sth  make (a liquid or colour) thinner or weaker (by adding water or another liquid)
         [ dilute: ] to make or become less concentrated, esp. by adding water or a thinner
        n. diluting or being diluted
             adj.  where or which one cannot see well; not bright
            n.  coin of the US and Canada worth ten cents  10.
       n.  measurement of any sort
     [ dimension: ] [often pl]  a measurement of the size of something in a particular direction, such as the length, width, height, or diameter
        v.  become smaller or less; decrease
      reduced or lessened; made smaller
     [ diminish: ] to make or become smaller, fewer, or less
      adj. adv of or with a gradual decrease in loudness
      n. diminishing or being diminished; reduction
      adj.  unusually or remarkably small
          n. small natural hollow in the chin or cheek (either permanent, or which appears eg when a person smiles) ,
             n. continuing loud confused noise
            v.  ~ (fml ) eat dinner
          n. any of various types of small open boat
          an ornamental attachment or decoration:DOODAD
           adj. dirty-looking; not cheerful or bright; drab
          n.  main meal of the day, whether eaten at midday or in the evening
        n. large extinct reptile
            n.  = dent
        adj. of a diocese
         n. district for which a bishop is responsible
         a picture (or series of pictures) representing a continuous scene
         n. oxide formed by combining two atoms of oxygen and one atom of another element
             v.  ~ sth (into sth); ~ sth (in) put or lower sth into a liquid
       n. union of two vowel sounds or vowel letters, eg the sounds / aI; aI/ in pipe / paIp; paIp/, the letters ou in doubt , pipe / paIp; paIp/  / aI; aI/; doubtou
         n. certificate awarded for passing an examination, completing a course of study, etc
       n.  management of relations between countries by each country's representatives abroad; skill in this
        n.  person in the diplomatic service, eg an ambassador
      adj.  of diplomacy
     n. = diplomat
      n. extreme dependence on alcoholic drink
     n, adj suffering from dipsomania
            adj.  dreadful; terrible
          adj.  straight; not curved or crooked; not turned aside
       n.  course taken by a moving person or thing; way that a person or thing looks or faces
       n. official instruction
        adv.  in a direct line or manner; straight
      n.
        n.  person who manages, esp as a member of a board1(7), the affairs of a business company
    n. position of a director
       n. list of telephone subscribers, business firms, etc of an area, or members of a profession, etc, usu arranged alphabetically
         causing fear or dread or terror
           n. song sung at a burial or for a dead person
            n. type of dagger
            n.  matter that is not clean esp when it is where it is not wanted (eg on the skin, on clothes, in buildings)
           adj.  not clean; covered with dirt
      n.  state of being disabled; incapacity
         v. make unable to do sth, esp by making a limb or limbs useless
        v. ~ sb of sth free sb of (false ideas)
    n.  unfavourable condition; thing that tends to prevent sb succeeding, making progress, etc
       to cause to lose loyalty or affection; alienate
     adj. discontented; disloyal
    n. discontent that often leads to disloyalty
        v.  ~ (with sb/sth) (about/on sth) have a different opinion (from sb); not agree
    adj. unpleasant
    n.  ~ disagreeing; lack of agreement
        v. refuse to accept as valid
       v.  no longer be visible; vanish
   n. act or fact of disappearing
      v.  fail to be or do sth as good, interesting etc as was hoped for or desired or expected by
    adj. ~ (in/with sb/sth); ~ (to do sth/that...) sad or dissatisfied because sb has failed, some desired event has not happened, etc
   adj. causing sb to be disappointed
  n.  being disappointed
  n. disapproval
     n. not approving
      v. ~ consider (sb/sth) to be bad, immoral, foolish, etc
    adj. showing disapproval
          v.  take weapons away from
     n. disarming or being disarmed
      v. make (sth) disorderly or untidy
        n. state in which people or things are no longer properly organized
        n.  event that causes great harm or damage, eg a fire, a serious defeat, the loss of a large sum of money
      adj. being or causing a disaster
         v. say one does not know of, is not responsible for, or does not approve of (sth)
       n.
         v. stop operating as an organization; break up
          remove from the bar; expel from the practice of law by official action
      [ disbar: ] (Law)  to deprive of the status of barrister; expel from the Bar
       n. lack of belief; failure to believe
      v.  refuse to believe
       To disencumber.
        v. pay out (money)
    n. paying out money
            n.  flat thin round plate, eg a coin
         v. throw (sth) out or away
         v. see clearly (with the senses or the mind), esp with an effort
       [ discern: ] vt. to recognize or perceive clearly
     adj. that can just be discerned
      adj. showing careful judgement
     n. ability to judge well; insight ;
       v.  unload unload (cargo) from a ship
        n. follower of a religious, political, artistic, etc leader or teacher   ,
  n. person who believes in strict discipline
    adj. concerning discipline
      n.  training, esp of the mind and character, aimed at producing self-control, obedience, etc
     [ discipline: ] training or conditions imposed for the improvement of physical powers, self-control, etc.
        v. say that one does not have (sth); renounce
        v. ~ sth (to sb) allow sth to be seen
      n. making sth known
     a descriptive list of phonograph records by category, composer,  performer, or date of release
        To stain.
  to confuse or disconcert
 [ discombobulate: ] (informal)   (chiefly U.S. and Canadian)  to throw into confusion
       v. confuse or embarrass (sb)
     [ discomfit: ] to make uneasy, confused, or embarrassed
    anxious embarrassment ; a defeat in battle
      n.  lack of comfort; slight pain
      v. cause (sb) inconvenience
      v. make (sb) feel uneasy or uncomfortable
    n.
      v. cause to feel confused, upset or embarrassed
    adj.
 [ disconfirm: ] (of a fact or argument) to suggest that a hypothesis is wrong or ill-formulated
      v. ~ A detach sth (from sth); undo a connection
    adj. lacking in order; incoherent
    adj. unhappy, esp at the loss of sb/sth; refusing to be comforted
      n. ~ lack of satisfaction
    adj. dissatisifed
  Interruption or intermission.
   lack of rational connection or cohesion
   adj. not continuous; intermittent
         n.  disagreement; quarrelling
      adj.  not in agreement; conflicting
        n.  amount of money taken off the cost of sth
  v. disapprove of (sb); discourage ;
      v.  ~ sb take away sb's confidence or hope of doing sth
    adj. a discouraging result, reply
       n.  lengthy and serious treatment of a subject in speech or writing
    adj. bad-mannered; impolite
     n. impoliteness; rude act or comment
        v.  find or learn about
       n.  discovering or being discovered
       v.  damage the good reputation of
     [ discredit: ] to damage the reputation of
        adj. careful or showing good judgement in what one says or does; not too obvious
     n. ~ difference; failure to agree
      Opposite.
        adj. separate; distinct
      n.  quality of being discreet; good judgement
   adj. used, adopted, etc when considered necessary
    v.  ~ ~ A from B see or make a difference (between two things)
  adj.  showing good judgement and perception
  n.  good judgement and perception
  adj. discriminating against sb/sth
      adj. wandering from one point to another
         v. ~ sth talk or write about sth
      n.  discussing sth
         n. feeling that sb/sth is not good enough to deserve one's respect; contempt
      adj. ~ showing disdain
         n. illness of the body, of the mind or of plants, caused by infection or internal disorder
        adj. suffering from a disease
       v. ~ (from sth) (of people) leave a ship or an aircraft
     adj.  separated from the body
       To free (the soul or spirit) from the body
      v. cause to lose his good opinion of sb/sth; disillusion
     v. ~ sb/sth (fml ) free sb/sth from (a burden, an obstruction, etc)
  v. = disfranchise
 [ disenfranchise: ] to deprive (a person) of the right to vote or other rights of citizenship
       v.  ~ sth/sb (fml ) free or disconnect sth/sb from sth/sb that holds it/him firmly
      adj. (of a person) free from social or professional obligations
     v.  make straight and free of knots
    [ disentangle: ] to release or become free from entanglement or confusion
        Disregard.
      [ disfavour: ] disapproval or dislike
       v. spoil the appearance of
    v. take away the right to vote for a parliamentary representative from
        v.  ~ sth throw out (food, etc) from the stomach or throat; vomit sth
        n.  state in which others think that one has behaved badly and no longer deserves respect
      to make ill-humored or discontented  usually used as a participial  adjective
     adj. ~ ~ (with sb) resentful because sth has happened to displease one
        v.  ~ sb/sth ~ sb/sth (as sb/sth) make sb/sth look or sound different from normal; give sb/sth a false appearance
         n. ~ (for/with sb) strong dislike for sth/sb that one feels is not right or good
      adj. causing disgust
            n.  container for holding or serving food (usu shallow and flat-bottomed)
      in a state of undress
      v. cause to lose hope or confidence
        to throw into disorder or disarray
      [ dishevel: ] di'shevelment nou
       adj.  not honest
      n.
        [ dishonour: ] to treat with disrespect
       n. loss of honour or respect
     v. destroy the pleasant but mistaken beliefs or ideals of
   adj. ~ disappointed in sb/sth that one had admired or believed in
  [ disillusion: ] vt. to destroy the ideals, illusions, or false ideas
 n. state ofbeing disillusioned
  n. ~ (fml ) unwillingness; reluctance
      n.
     adj. ~ unwilling; reluctant
       v. clean by destroying germs that cause disease
    n. substance that disinfects
    n.
  n. deliberately false information, esp given out by governments or intelligence services
    adj. insincere, esp in pretending that one knows less about sth than one really does
n.
      v. prevent from inheriting one's property (by making a new will naming another person as heir)
    v. (cause sth to) break into small parts or pieces
  [ disintegrate: ] to break or be broken into fragments or constituent parts; shatter
  n.
        v. (fml ) dig up (sth buried)
     freedom from bias or involvement
   adj. not influenced by personal feelings or interests; unbiased
n.
         verb  to disconnect or become disconnected; separate
      adj. in which it is difficult to understand how the ideas, events, etc follow each other and develop
     Also called: dis'juncture  the act of disconnecting or the state of being disconnected; separation
     adj. (of a conjunction) showing opposition or contrast between two ideas (eg either... or) , either... or
            n.  = disc
         v. not like (sb/sth)
       v.  put out of its proper position in a joint
     a displacement of a part (especially a bone) from its normal position (as in the shoulder or the vertebral column)
        v. ~ sb/sth move or force sb/sth from a previously fixed position
       [ dislodge: ] verb  to remove from or leave a lodging place, hiding place, or previously fixed position
        adj. ~ not loyal; unfaithful
      n.
          adj.  causing or showing sadness; gloomy; miserable
       v.  take to pieces
          n. feeling of shock and discouragement
       v.  cut or tear off the limbs of
         v.  ~ sb remove sb (esp an employee) from a position
       n. action of dismissing
      adj. ~ dismissing in a rude, brief and casual way
        v.  ~ get off (a motor cycle, bicycle, horse, etc)
    n. failure or refusal to obey
     adj. not obedient
       v. refuse to help or co-operate with (sb)
        n.  confused or untidy state; lack of order
      [ disorder: ] a lack of order; disarray; confusion
      adj.  untidy
     to disrupt or destroy the arrangement, system, or unity of
    [ disorganize: ] to disrupt or destroy the arrangement, system, or unity of
       [ disorientate: ] to cause (someone) to lose his bearings
    v.  cause to lose all sense of direction
  n.
     [ disorientate: ] to cause (someone) to lose his bearings
          v. refuse to be connected with (sb/sth), esp because one is shocked by some action
       v. suggest, esp unfairly, that is of little value or importance
   n. disparaging adj
   adv: speak disparagingly of sb/sb's efforts
       adj. so different in kind or degree that they cannot be compared
       n. difference or inequality
   adj. not influenced by emotion; impartial
        v.  ~ sb/sth send sb/sth off to a destination or for a special purpose
          v. drive (sth) away; cause to vanish
     adj. not necessary or essential
    n.  action of dispensing or distributing
        v.  ~ sth give sth out; distribute sth
       [ dispense: ] vt. to give out or distribute in portions
       n. action or process of dispersing
        v. go in different directions; scatter; break up
       [ disperse: ] to scatter; distribute over a wide area
      n. dispersal, esp of light
        v. discourage (sb); depress
      adj.
  [ dispirit: ] to lower the spirit or enthusiasm of; make downhearted or depressed; discourage
        v.  move from the usual or correct place
       [ displace: ] to move from the usual or correct location
    n.  displacing or being displaced
         v. ~ sth  put sth on show
       v. make feel upset or angry; annoy
      adj. ~ (with sb/sth)
     n. displeased feeling; dissatisfaction
         v. ~ oneself amuse oneself energetically
      adj.  made to be thrown away after use
        n.  action of getting rid of sth
         v. place(sb/sth) in a suitable way; arrange
        adj.  ~ wanting or prepared to do sth
     n.  person's natural qualities of mind and character
      v. ~ sb take away property, land, a house, etc from sb
    [ dispossess: ] to take away possession of something, esp. property; expel
        n. disproving
   n. ~ (instance of) being out of proportion
adj. relatively too large or small, etc; out of proportion
        v. show that iswrong or false
      adj. that may be questioned or argued about
       n. person who disputes
     n.  (instance of) disputing; controversy ;
    adj. fond of arguing; inclined to argue ;
         n.  argument; debate
      v. ~ sb (from sth/doing sth) prevent sb from doing sth, usu because he has broken a rule or is not able enough
        n. anxiety
      [ disquiet: ] a feeling or condition of anxiety or uneasiness
     a feeling or state of anxiety or uneasines
    n. ~ long elaborate spoken or written report or account
       v. pay no attention to treat (sth) as of no importance; ignore
       n. bad condition caused by lack of repairs
    adj. having a bad reputation
       n. state of having a bad reputation
      n. ~ lack of respect; rudeness
   adj. ~ showing disrespect
         v. (fml or joc ) undress
         v. cause disorder in
       [ disrupt: ] vt. to throw into turmoil or disorder
      adj. causing disruption
 n. ~ ~ (at doing sth) lack of satisfaction
    adj. ~ ~ (at doing sth) not satisfied; discontented
      To displease.
         v.  cut up in order to study its structure
      n. dissecting or being dissected
    [ dissemble: ] to conceal (one's real motives, emotions, etc.) by pretence
       v. hide or disguise (one's true thoughts and feelings); dissimulate
      n. person who dissembles
     [ dissemble: ] to conceal (one's real motives, emotions, etc.) by pretence
     v. spread widely
      n. angry disagreement
         n. holding opinions which differ from common or officially held ones
       n. person who dissents
     One who disagrees.
      adj.
     Contentious.
    n. ~ long essay on a particular subject, esp one written for a doctorate or similar degree; thesis
      n. ~ harmful or unhelpful action
        To divide.
       n. person who strongly disagrees with or opposes official views and policies
      adj. ~ not the same; unlike
     v. hide or disguise (one's thoughts and feelings); dissemble
       v.  scatter or vanish
      adj. given to foolish and harmful pleasures
     n.  dissipating or being dissipated
      v. ~ sb/sth from sth separate in one's thoughts or feelings
    n.
       adj. immoral; dissipated
     n. ~ breaking up (of sth); dissolving
        v.  (of a liquid) make (a solid) become liquid
       [ dissolve: ] to go or cause to go into solution
      n.  discord
       adj. not harmonious; discordant ;
        v. ~ sb (try to) stop sb by advice or persuasion
      advice against
         n.  stick holding wool, flax, etc for spinning by hand
          adj.situated away from the point of attachment or origin ora central point especially of the body
        n.  space between two points or places
         adj.  far away in space or time
        n. ~ dislike; aversion
     adj. ~ unpleasant; disagreeable
       n. (old method of painting with) colouring matter mixed with water and brushed on walls, etc
         v. (cause sth to) swell by means of pressure from inside
     Capable of being stretched out or expanded in every direction.
      n. swelling or being swollen
      the act of distending or the state of being distended especially unduly or abnormally
          v.  ~ sth (from sth) turn (a liquid) to vapour by heating, then collect the drops of liquid that condense from the vapour when cooled
         undergo distillation; of liquids
      Also called: distillation  the product of distillation
    n.  distilling
       n. person or company that distils
        adj.  easily heard, seen, felt or understood; definite
     n.  ~ difference or contrast between one person or thing and another
     adj. ~ that distinguishes sth by making it different from others
      adv. in a distinct manner; clearly
    n.
     v.  ~ A and B; ~ A from B recognize the difference between (people or things)
 adj. ~ (from sb/sth)
   adj.  dignified in appearance or manner
         v.  pull or twist out of its usual shape
      [ distort: ] [often passive]  to twist or pull out of shape; make bent or misshapen; contort; deform
      n. distorting or being distorted
        v. ~ sb stop sb concentrating on sth
      adj. ~ unable to concentrate properly, esp because of one's strong feelings
        v. ~ (law ) seize a person's property or belongings to force him to pay what he owes (esp rent)
        adj. absent-minded; not paying attention ;
      adj. very troubled in mind with grief or worry
        n.  (cause of) great pain, sorrow, suffering, etc
     adj. causing distress
   adv.
      v.  ~ sth separate sth into parts and give a share to each person or thing
    n.  giving or being given to each of several people, etc
        n.  part of a country or town having a particular quality
        n. lack of trust; suspicion
         v.  move from a settled or usual position or state
     n.  disturbing or being disturbed
       adj. over-reacting to stress
      [ disturb: ] to intrude on; interrupt
    [ disturb: ] to intrude on; interrupt
        n.  separating or being separated
         adj. no longer used
      adj. consisting of two syllables
      n. disyllabic word or metrical foot
           n.  narrow channel dug at the edge of a field, road, etc, esp to hold or carry off water
          v. ~ hesitate about what to do; be unable to decide
           n. short simple song
         adj.  of the daytime; not nocturnal
            operatic singer; prima donna
        turn aside esp. from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing or speaking
            v.  ~ (from/off sth) (into sth); ~ (off/in) go head first into water
           n. person who dives, esp one who works under water using a diving-suit
         v.  ~ (of lines, roads, etc) separate and go in different directions, becoming further apart
      getting farther apart from a point
       adj. divergent paths, opinions
         adj. of different kinds; varied
 n.
       v.  give variety to (sth); vary
       n.  action of turning sth aside or changing its direction
       n. state of being varied; variety
          v.  ~ sb/sth (to sth) turn sb/sth from one course to another
        [ divert: ] to turn (a person or thing) aside from a course; deflect
          v.  ~ sb of sth take off (sb's clothes)
     the act of divesting
          v.  ~ (up) (into sth) (cause sth to) split or break into parts; separate
        n.  share of profits paid to share-holders in a company, or to winners in a football pool
      n. foretelling the future by supernatural means
          adj.  of, from or like God or a god
        n.  quality of being divine1
       adj. ~(mathematics ) that can be divided, usu with no remainder
        n.  dividing or being divided
      adj. of a division
        adj. causing disagreement or disunity among people
         n. number by which another number is divided
         n.  ~ (instance of the) legal ending of a marriage
         v. ~ sth make known (sth secret)
       n.
           adj.  (of a person) feeling as if everything is spinning around; unable to balance; confused
        [ dizzy: ] affected with a whirling or reeling sensation; giddy
              aux v (used in front of a full v to form negative sentences and questions )
          adj. easy to control
            n.  part of a port, etc where ships go for loading, unloading or repair, esp one fitted with gates to control the water level
          n.  document or label listing goods delivered, jobs done, contents of a package, etc ,
          n.  person who has been trained in medical science
        adj. of or relating to a doctorate
     adj. rigidly applying a theory with no concern for practical problems
        n. set of beliefs held by a church, political party, group of scientists, etc
        n. paper, form, book, etc giving information about sth, evidence or proof of sth
     adj.  consisting of documents
   n.  documenting or being documented
      [ document: ] a piece of paper, booklet, etc., providing information, esp. of an official or legal nature
          v. move or act in a shaky unsteady way, because of old age or weakness
        n.  person who dodders
       adjs weak and uncertain in movement
          n. task or activity that is easily performed
           v.  move quickly and suddenly to one side in order to avoid
             n. female deer, reindeer, rabbit or hare
            v. take off (one's hat)
             n.  common domestic animal kept by human beings for work, hunting, etc or as a pet
          adj. determined; not giving up easily
        n. verse that produces a clumsy and ridiculous effect
           adv. lie doggo
           n. belief or set of beliefs put forward by some authority, esp a Church, to be accepted as a matter of faith
        adj.  of or based on dogma
    adv: state sth dogmatically
       n. (quality of) being dogmatic
       n. dogmatic person
       To make positive assertions without supporting them by argument or evidence.
        n.  the doldrums parts of the ocean near the equator where there is little or no wind
         adj. sad; mournful
        Melancholy.
            n.  model of a baby or an adult, usu for a child to play with
          n.  unit of money in the US, Canada, Australia, etc
           Lamentation.
        adj. sorrowful
         n. mammal that looks like a large fish and lives in the sea
            n. stupid person
         adj. stupid
          n.  lands owned or ruled by a nobleman, government, etc
            n.  rounded roof with a circular base
        adj.  of the home, household or family
     v.  make used to or fond of housework and home life
   n.
     n. home or family life
        n. a person's place of residence, esp as officially established for purposes of taxation, etc ,
       Ascendancy.
        adj.  ~ most important or prominent; dominating
        v.  have control of or a very strong influence on (people, events, etc)
      supremacy or preeminence over another
        v. ~ (derog ) try to make sb do exactly what one wants by ordering him about, regardless of what he wants to do
             n.  teacher at a university, esp at an Oxford or a Cambridge college
          v. ~ sth give (money, goods, etc), esp to a charity; contribute sth
        n. thing donated
         One who makes a donation or present.
            pp of do
           A person to whom a donation is made.
          n.  animal of the horse family, with short legs and long ears
           n.  person who gives or donates sth
          v. make meaningless drawings, scribbles etc, while one is or should be thinking about sth else
            n.  death or ruin; any terrible and inevitable fate
          [ doom: ] death or a terrible fate
            n.  movable barrier that closes the entrance to a building, room, cupboard, car, etc
        n. round knob turned to open a door
         n. opening, filled by a door, into a building, room, car, etc
           adj.  (infml ) dazed or sleepy, as if drugged
            n. dormitory
        [ dormant: ] quiet and inactive, as during sleep
         adj. temporarily inactive
          n. upright window built in a sloping roof
       n.  sleeping-room with a number of beds, esp in a school or some other institution
          adj. of or on the back of an animal or a plant
            n.  amount of medicine to be taken at one time
         n. set of documents containing information about a person, an event, etc; file  ,
             n.  small round mark
          n. in one's dotage confused in one's mind because of old age
            v.  ~ on sb/sth show (too) much fondness for sb/sth
          adj. very or excessively loving and devoted
          adj.  twice as much or as many
    v. cheat or betray (sb) after getting him to trust one . n
         n.  short close-fitting jacket worn by men, with or without sleeves
          adv.  to twice the extent or amount
           n.  ~ ~ (as to) whether... (feeling of) uncertainty or disbelief
        adj.  ~ (of a person) feeling doubt; unsure
    [ doubtful: ] unlikely; improbable
       adv. almost certainly; very probably
         adj. brave and strong
            adj. stern; severe; gloomy-looking; joyless
           v. ~ sb/sth put sb/sth into (water); throw (water) over sb/sth ;
            n.  type of bird with short legs, a small head and a thick body, that makes a cooing sound and is often used as a symbol of peace
           adj. (derog )  (of clothes, etc) dull; unfashionable; drab ,
            adv. part  from a higher to a lower level
        adj.  looking downwards
        n.  fall from a position of prosperity or power
       v. ~ sb/sth (to sth) reduce sb/sth to a lower grade, rank or level of importance
        adv.  towards the bottom of a hill; in a downward direction ;
        debase; lower
        n. heavy, usu sudden, fall of rain
      adv.  down the stairs
   adj. practical; sensible
     adj. kept down and badly treated; oppressed
        adj. moving, leading or pointing to what is lower or less important
       adv. towards what is lower
           n. property or money brought by a bride to her husband
           = douse
           n. senior member of a group, profession, etc
            v.  sleep lightly
           n. (abbr  doz)  set of twelve
            adj. dull; uninteresting
        n.
         n. unit of money in Greece
       adj. very harsh
           n.  rough preliminary written version of sth
            n.  thing made to be dragged, eg a drag-net, or heavy harrow
         A net to be drawn along the bottom of the water.
          n.  imaginary animal with wings and claws, able to breathe out fire .
         n. heavily-armed cavalryman
           n.  pipe or channel that carries away sewage or other unwanted liquid
        n.  draining or being drained
           n.  male duck
           n.  play for the theatre, radio or TV
        adj.  of drama
    adv: Her attitude changed dramatically
       n. writer of plays
       To relate or represent in a dramatic or theatrical manner.
           pt of drink3
           v.  ~ sth round/over sth hang (cloth, curtains, a cloak, etc) loosely on sth
         adj.  having a strong or violent effect
         n.  current of air in a room or some other enclosed space
        dj (-ier, -iest) with draughts of air blowing through
            n.  (usu sing ) ~ (for sth) act of picking at random tickets in a lottery, matches in a tournament, etc
        n. ~ disadvantage; problem
      n. bridge that can be pulled up to stop people crossing
          n.  box-like container, with one or more handles but no lid, that slides in and out of a piece of furniture, etc
         n.  art of representing objects by lines, with a pencil, chalk, etc
           v. speak or say in a slow lazy manner, with drawn-out vowels
           adj. looking very tired or worried
           n.  great fear; terror
        adj.  causing great fear or suffering; shocking
      adv.  in a serious or shocking manner
           n.  sequence of scenes and feelings occurring in the mind during sleep
       adj. like a dream
          adj.  that makes one sad or depressed; dismal; gloomy
          n. machine for scooping or sucking mud, etc from the bottom of a river, canal, etc
         n. container with holes in the lid, used for dredging food ,
            a small quantity
           n.  solid particles that sink to the bottom of certain liquids, esp wine and beer
          to wet thoroughly (as by soaking or immersing in liquid)
        [ drench: ] to make completely wet; soak
           n.  garment for a woman or girl, consisting of a bodice and skirt in one piece; frock
            pt of draw2
         v.  allow saliva to run from the mouth
           n.  drifting movement
           n. tool or machine with a detachable pointed end for making holes
           = dryly (dry1)
           n.  liquid for drinking
            v.  fall in drops
           v.  (be able to) operate (a vehicle or locomotive) and direct its course
          n. silly nonsense
          pp of drive1
          n.  person who drives a vehicle
          [ drive: ] to push, propel, or be pushed or propelled
         v. rain in many fine drops
         adj. a cold drizzly day
           adj. amusing in an odd or a quaint way
        n. quaint humour
           n.  male honey-bee
           v.  let saliva flow from the mouth; dribble ;
           v. bend or hang downwards through tiredness or weakness
            n.  small rounded or pear-shaped mass of liquid
         n. small drop
           n. scum of waste matter on melted metals
         n. continuous dry weather, esp when there is not enough water for people's needs
           pt of drive1
           v.  die in water (or other liquid) because one is unable to breathe
        adv: murmur sth drowsily
      feeling sleepy/half asleep
          adj.  half asleep; feeling sleepy
          n. person who has to do long hard boring jobs
        n. hard boring work
            n.  substance used as or in a medicine
       n. chemist's shop which also sells many kinds of goods and often serves light meals
            n.  instrument consisting of a hollow round frame with plastic or skin stretched tightly across the open end(s) which is struck with sticks or the hands
         n.  person who plays a drum or drums
           adj.  excited or confused by alcoholic drink
         adj.  drunk
     n.
             adj.  not (or no longer) wet, damp or sticky; without moisture
         [ dry: ] lacking moisture; not damp or wet
            adj. having two parts or aspects; double
         n.
         n.  feeling of doubt
         adj.  ~ not certain and slightly suspicious about sth; doubtful
            n.  any of various types of common water-bird, domestic and wild
        n.  young duck
            n.  tube or channel carrying liquid, gas, electric or telephone wires, etc; tube through which air passes
         adj.  that can be pressed, beaten or pulled into fine strands without being heated ,
       the malleability of something that can be drawing into wires or hammered into thin sheets
             adj.  ~ (to sb) owed as a debt or an obligation
            n.  formal fight between two men, using swords or pistols, esp to settle a point of honour
          n. elderly woman acting as governess and chaperon to the daughters of a family
            n. piece of music for two players or singers
             pt, pp of dig1
            n. (fem  duchess )  (title of a) nobleman of the highest rank
         n.  position or rank of a duke
          adj. sounding sweet; pleasing to the ear
            adj.  not bright or clear
         n. person who thinks slowly; stupid person ;
        n.
            adj.  unable to speak
       v. make speechless with surprise; astonish
           n.  model of the human figure, used for displaying or fitting clothes, etc
            v.  put in a place and leave as rubbish
             adj. n dull greyish-brown colour
           n. person, esp a pupil, who is stupid or slow to learn
            n. mound of loose dry sand formed by the wind
         n. underground prison cell, esp in a castle
            v. ~ sb deceive or trick sb (into doing sth)
          adj. having two parts
       adj.  exactly like something else; identical
      [ duplicate: ] copied exactly from an original
     n. duplicating or being duplicated
     [ duplicity: ] du'plicitous adjectiv
       n. deliberate deception
      n.
         adj. lasting for a long time
         restraint; imprisonment
        n.  time during which sth lasts or continues
          n. threats or force used to make sb do sth; compulsion
          prep  throughout
            n. time after twilight and before night
            n.  fine dry powder consisting of particles of earth, dirt, etc
         n. (Brit) (US garbage man) man employed by a local authority to empty dustbins and remove rubbish
           adj.  of the Netherlands (Holland), its people or their language
         adj. = dutiful
        adj. on which customs or other duties must be paid
         adj. showing respect and obedience; fulfilling all one's obligations
       adv: He dutifully followed his commander's instructions. * to serve one's country dutifully
            n.  moral or legal obligation
           n.  person, animal or plant that is much smaller than the normal size
           v.  ~ in, at, etc . (arch or rhet ) live as an inhabitant of or reside at (a place)
         n. person or animal living in the place specified
        n. place of residence; house, flat, etc
         v. ~ (to nothing) become gradually less or smaller
             v. colour (sth), esp by dipping in a liquid
           => die
         adj.  of power or forces that produce movement
        n.  powerful explosive used in mining, etc
          n.  device for converting steam-power, water-power, etc into electricity; generator .
         n.  series ofrulers all belonging to the same family
            The force which, applied to a mass of one gram for 1 second, would give it a velocity of 1 cm/s.
       n. inflammation of the bowels, causing severe diarrhoea, usu with a discharge of mucus and blood
   (Med)  (of an organ or part) not functioning normally
        n. (also word-blindness) abnormal difficulty in reading and spelling, caused by a brain condition
        n, adj suffering from dyslexia
       n. indigestion
       adj. n person suffering from dyspepsia or the irritability that it causes
            indef det (of two or more) every (person, thing, group, etc) considered individually
           adj.  ~ full of interest or desire; keen
           n.  large strong bird of prey of the falcon family with very good eyesight
eye        very good eyesight
          n. young eagle
             n.  organ of hearing; its outer part
         n. pain in the ear-drum
           adj. adv  near to the beginning of a period of time
         v.  ~ sb/sth (for sth/sb) assign or set aside sb/sth (to or for a special purpose)
            v.  get (money) by working
         adj. serious; determined; not light-hearted
     n.
        n. money earned
         device of pliable material for insertion into the outer opening of the ear (as to keep out water or deaden sound)
         jewelry to ornament the ear; usually clipped to the earlobe or fastened through a hole in the lobe
         n. (be) out of/within `earshot where one cannot/can be heard
    distressingly loud or shrill
           n. this world; the planet on which we live
     n. pottery made of baked clay
      n.
         adj.  of this world; not spiritual
      n. sudden violent movement of the earth's surface
          adj.  of or like earth or soil
            n.  freedom from work, discomfort, pain or anxiety
           n. wooden frame for holding a blackboard or a picture
          adv.  without difficulty
            n.  the east point of the horizon where the sun rises; one of the four main points of the compass
          n. annual Christian festival, that occurs on a Sunday in March or April, and celebrates the resurrection of Christ after the crucifixion; period about this time , 34
         adj. of, from or living in the east part of the world or of a specified region
     adj. situated farthest east
        adj. towards the east
            adj.  not difficult; done or obtained without great effort
       adj. relaxed in manner; placid and tolerant
             v. ~ (up)/~ sth (up) take (solid food or soup) into the mouth and swallow it for nourishment
         adj. fit to be eaten; good to eat
           n. overhanging lower edges of a roof
       v. ~ (on sb/sth) listen secretly to a private conversation
    n.
             v. ~  (of the tide) go out; recede ;
      n. state of being ebullient; exuberance
       adj. full of energy and excitement; exuberant ;
       adj.  unusual; peculiar; not conventional or normal
    n.  quality of being eccentric; strangeness of behaviour, etc
    n. clergyman
  adj. of clergymen
         periodic shedding of the cuticle in arthropods or the outer skin in reptiles
         n.  level of authority or responsibility; rank in an organization
            n.  reflection and repetition of a sound, eg from a wall or inside an enclosed space
           n.  brilliance; conspicuous success
        adj. (of people, beliefs, etc) not restricted to one source of ideas, etc, but choosing from or using a wide range
     selection of elements from various sets of opinions
         n.  blocking of the light of the sun or of the moon (when the earth's shadow falls on it)
        (Astronomy) a  the great circle on the celestial sphere representing the apparent annual path of the sun relative to the stars.
         a short descriptive poem of rural or pastoral life
      adj. of ecology
       n. student of or expert in ecology
         n. the relation of plants and living creatures to each other and to their surroundings
        adj.  of economics(1), or of an economy
      adj. careful in the spending of money, time, etc and in the use of resources; not wasteful
    adv: His scheme is not economically sound
       n.  science or principles of the production, distribution and consumption of goods esp with reference to cost
       To spend sparingly.
         n.  avoidance of waste (of money, strength, time, resources, etc)
       n. ecological unit consisting of a group of plants and living creatures interacting with each other and with their surroundings
         n. great joy or happiness
        adj. causing or showing ecstasy
      adj.  of or representing the whole Christian world or universal Church
            n. circular or spiral movement of water, air, fog, dust, etc
            n.  sharp cutting part of a blade, knife, sword, or some other tool or weapon
          adj. fit to be eaten
           n. order or proclamation issued by an authority
     n. improvement of mind or character
         n. large or imposing building
           v. (fml or joc ) improve the mind or character of (sb)
        adj. morally or intellectually improving
            v.  prepare for publication, eg in a book, newspaper, or magazine
         n.  form in which a book is published
          n. person who edits or who is in charge of part of a newspaper
       adj. of an editor
    to express an opinion in or as in an editorialise
         v. ~ sb train the mind and character of sb; teach sb; provide sb with an education
       n.  training and instruction (esp of children and young people in schools, colleges, etc) designed to give knowledge and develop skills
     adj. of, about or providing education
           draw forth; elicit
           adj. causing a feeling of mystery and fear
          v.  rub or wipe (sth) out; cause to fade
          n.  ~ change produced by an action or cause; result or outcome
       adj.  having an effect; producing the intended result
     adv.  in an effective way
       adj. (not used of people) producing the intended result
      to cause to happen; effect; accomplish
      Womanishness.
      adj. (of a man or his behaviour) like a woman; unmanly
      v.  release bubbles of gas; fizz
   (n.) liveliness; spirit; enthusiasm; bubbliness
          adj. weak, having lost power
     adj. (not of people) producing the desired result; effective
        n. state or quality of being efficacious
      n. state or quality of being efficient
       adj.  able to work well; capable
     adv: get industry running more efficiently
          n.  carved figure or model representing a person or animal
   n. action or time of bursting into flower
        n.  liquid waste matter, sewage, etc, eg from a factory into a river
        n. a by-product especially in the form of waste
       noxious smell
          n.  use of strength and energy (to do sth)
      adj. needing no or little effort
  n.
      n. boldness or rudeness without shame; impertinence
      the quality of being bright and sending out rays of light
       radiant splendor:BRILLIANCE
          To pour forth.
        n.  pouring out, esp of liquid
        adj. showing (too much) feeling; too emotional
     n, adj showing or holding a belief in equal rights, benefits and opportunities for everybody
  n.
             n.  in female mammals the cell from which the young is formed; ovum
             n.  individual's perception or experience of himself, esp in relation to other people or to the outside world; part of the mind that can think, feel and act
      adj. considering only oneself; self-centred ;
          n.  state of mind in which one is always thinking about oneself and what is best for oneself
          n. person who believes in or shows egoism
        egoistical  adjs of an egoist
         n. practice of talking too often or too much about oneself; selfishness ;
         n. person who practises or shows egotism; selfish person ;
     [ egotist: ] a conceited boastful person
       adj. (usu of sb/sth bad ) exceptional; outstanding
          n.  (right of) going out
        of, relating to, or characteristic of Egypt, its inhabitants, or their dialect of Arabic
           pron, det 8; one more than seven 8.
        pron, det 18; one more than seventeen 18.
      pron, det 18th; next after seventeenth 18. n one of eighteen equal parts of sth . For the uses of eighteen and eighteenth see the examples at five and fifth. eighteeneighteenthfivefifth
          pron, det 8th; next after seventh 8,  n. one of eight equal parts of sth
       pron, det 80th; next after seventy-ninth 80. n one of eighty equal parts of sth
          pron, det 80; one more than seventy-nine 80.
          indef det, indef pron one or the other of two . (det)
       v.  eject or rapidly discharge fluid, esp semen, from the body
     n.  sudden discharge or ejection of fluid, esp semen, from the body
           v.  ~ sb/sth (fml ) force sb/sth out; expel sb/sth ;
       adj. very detailed and complicated; carefully prepared and finished
     addition of details; intricacy
          v. (of time) pass
         adj.  returning to its normal or previous size or shape after being pulled or pressed
      n. quality of being elastic
           stimulate
          adj. ~ in high spirits; very happy or proud
         n. high spirits; joy
           n.  joint where the arm bends
           adj.  (of people; esp two closely related members of a family) older; senior
         adj. (of people) rather old; past middle age
          adj. , n first-born; oldest
           v.  ~ sb choose sb by vote
        n. choosing or selection by vote (of candidates for a position, esp a political office)
      n. all the qualified electors considered as a group
        adj.  producing electricity
      adj. of or concerned with electricity
    adv: an electrically powered drill
     n. person whosejob is to install, operate, repair, etc electrical equipment
     n.  form of energy occurring in certain particles and hence in larger bodies, since they contain these
       v.  charge (sth) with electricity
n. (medical ) record of sb's heartbeat traced by an electrocardiograph, used in the diagnosis of heart disease
     v. kill by means of an electric current
       n. either of two solid conductors by which an electric current enters or leaves a battery, etc; terminal
n. pattern traced by an electroencephalograph
n. instrument for detecting and recording the electric current produced by the activity of the brain
    n.  separation of a substance into its chemical parts by an electric current
[ electrolytic: ] (Physics) a  of, concerned with, or produced by electrolysis or electrodeposition
 adj. having both electrical and magnetic properties
        n. minute particle of matter with a negative electric charge, found in all atoms
      adj.  produced or operated by a flow of electrons
  adv: process data electronically, ie using a computer . ,electronic `mail sending text, diagrams, etc by means of computers linked to a telecommunication network
     n.  branch of science and technology that deals with the behaviour of electrons
     A metallic copy of any surface, as a coin.
    of, relating to, or supported by charity
        n. elegantly
         adj. tasteful and stylish in appearance or manner
         adj.  suitable for elegies
           n. poem or song expressing sorrow, esp for the dead; lament ;
         n.  ~ necessary or characteristic part of sth
       adj.  powerful; uncontrolled; like the forces of nature
      adj.  of or in the beginning stages (of a course of study)
        n.  largest four-footed animal now living, with two curved ivory tusks, thick skin, and a long trunk
     adj. large and awkward like an elephant
         v. ~ sb/sth (fml )  lift sb/sth up; raise sb/sth to a higher place or rank ;
       n.  elevating or being elevated
        n.  = lift
          pron, det 11; one more than ten 11.
        pron, det 11th; next after tenth 11,  n one of eleven equal parts of sth
             n. type of small fairy; mischievous little creature
          adj. mischievous
          v. ~ sth (fml ) draw (facts, a response, etc) from sb, sometimes with difficulty
           v. leave out the sound of when pronouncing it
     n. state of being eligible
        adj. ~ suitable or fit to be chosen; having the right or proper qualifications
       v.  ~ sb/sth remove (esp sb/sth that is not wanted or needed)
     n.
           n. social group considered to be the best or most important because of their power, talent, wealth, etc
         n. (belief in a) system, leadership, etc that aims at developing an elite
         n. person who believes in elitism . adj of the elite or elitism
          n.  imaginary substance with which medieval scientists hoped to change metals into gold or make people live for ever
     adj. of the time of Queen Elizabeth I of England 15581603
         n. regular oval
        n. (grammar) (instance of) leaving out a word or words from (the grammatical structure of) a sentence when the meaning can be understood without it/them
        elliptical  adjs shaped like an ellipse
      adj. containing ellipsis
             n.  tall deciduous tree with broad rough-edged leaves
       n. art or style of speaking clearly and effectively, esp in public
    adj. of elocution
    n. person who teaches or is an expert in elocution
        v. make longer
      n. making or becoming longer
           v. ~ run away with a lover, esp to get married
       n. expressive language, esp to impress or persuade an audience
        adj. having or showing eloquence
            adv.  in addition to or apart from (that already mentioned)
       adv. in, at or to some other place
       v. make (sth) clear; explain
     n. (fml )
           v.  escape (sb/sth), esp by a trick or cleverness; avoid
         Evasion.
         adj. tending to escape or disappear; difficult to capture
           pl of elf
         adj. the Elysian fields
         n. (in Greek myths) home of the blessed after death
        to cause to lose f unaffectlesh so as to become very thin
       adj. made thin and weak
      n.
         v. ~ from sth/sb come or flow from sth/sb
      v. ~ sb set sb free, esp from political, legal or social restrictions
     [ emancipate: ] to free from restriction or restraint, esp. social or legal restraint
    n. action of emancipating
      v.  remove the sexual organs of (a male animal); castrate ;
      n. wall or ridge of earth, stone, etc made to keep water back or to carry a railway or road over low ground
         n. (on sth) official order that forbids sth, esp trade, the movement of ships, etc
          v.  ~ (cause sb/sth to) go or be taken on board a ship or an aircraft
     n. action or process of embarking
       v. cause (sb) to feel self-conscious, awkward or ashamed
     [ embarrass: ] [also intr]  to feel or cause to feel confusion or self-consciousness; disconcert; fluster
   n.  embarrassing or being embarrassed
         n.  ambassador and his staff
           to enclose closely in or as if in a matrix
        [ embed: ] [usually foll by in]  to fix or become fixed firmly and deeply in a surrounding solid mass
       v. ~ sth  make sth beautiful by adding ornaments, etc
   n. embellishing or being embellished
        v. use in a wrong way to benefit oneself
    n. embezzling
       n. person who embezzles
        v. fill with bitter feelings
    n. (fml )
        v. decorate with heraldic or other devices
          n. object that represents sth; symbol
      adj. ~ (fml ) serving as an emblem; symbolic ;
      n. person or thing that embodies sth or is embodied
          v. ~ sth (in sth) (fml )  express or give visible form to (ideas, feelings, etc)
        to instill with boldness or courage
        n. blockage of an artery or a vein caused by a clot of blood, an air-bubble, etc
          raise in a relief
         close encircling with the arms and pressure to the bosom especially as a sign of affection:HUG
       v.  ~ A ~ B (with A) decorate (cloth) with needlework
      n.  decoration with needlework
         throw into confusion; involve in strife; entangle
          n.  young animal or plant in the early stages of its development before birth (or before coming out of its egg or seed)
       adj. in an early stage of development
           v. remove errors from
      n. action of emending
         n. bright green precious stone
          v. ~  come out or up (from water, etc)
       n. action of emerging
       n.  sudden serious event or situation requiring immediate action
        adj. in the process of emerging
        [ emerge: ] to come up to the surface of or rise from water or other liquid
        adj. (of a university teacher, esp a professor) retired, but keeping his title as an honour
          n, adj causing vomiting
        n. person who emigrates
        v. ~ (to...) leave one's own country to go and live in another
      n.
        n.  state of being famous or distinguished
         adj.  famous and distinguished
        n. person sent to deliver a message or to conduct negotiations
        n.  sending out or giving off (of light, heat, fumes, matter, fluid from the body, etc)
            v. give or send (sth) out; discharge
       n, adj that soothes and softens the skin
       n. (fml or rhet ) profit made from being employed; fee or salary
           stir up, excite
         n.  strong feeling of any kind
       adj.  of the emotions
     adv: emotionally disturbed
      [ empathic: ] adj. of or relating to empathy
         n.  ability to imagine and share another person's feelings, experience, etc
         n. ruler of an empire
        n. force or stress given to a word or words when spoken, to make the meaning clear or to show importance
       To articulate or enunciate with special impressiveness upon a word, or a group of words.
        adj.  having, showing or using emphasis
    adv.
          n.  group of countries or states under a single ruler or ruling power
       adj. based on observation or experiment, not on theory
     adv.
      n. use of empirical methods
      n. person who works in an empirical way
          v.  ~ sb ~ sb (as sth) give work to sb, usu for payment
        n. person who works for sb or for a company in return for wages
        n. person or company that employs others
      n.  act of employing
        n. (joc or fml ) centre of trade; market ;
         v. give lawful power or authority (to sb) to act
       n.
           adj.  having nothing inside
        adj. celestial; fiery
        the apparent surface of the imaginary sphere on which celestial bodies appear to be projected
         v. ~ sb (fml ) try to do as well as or better than sb
       n. action or state of emulating
        v. become an emulsion or make an emulsion of (sth)
        n.  creamy liquid in which particles of oil or fat are evenly distributed
          v.  make able to do sth by giving him the necessary authority or means
           v.  perform (a part, play, etc) on, or as if on, the stage of a theatre
         [ enact: ] to make into an act or statute
       n.  enacting
          n.  glass-like substance used for coating metal, pottery, etc for decoration or as protection
          To inspire with ardent love.
        (adj.) filled with love and desire
       adj. ~ of/with sth fond of or delighted by sth
          v. settle in camp
     v. ~ sth (fml )  enclose sth (as if) in a capsule
   [ encapsulater: ] to enclose or be enclosed in or as if in a capsule
          to place or enclose in or as if in a case
    n. inflammation of the brain
         v. fill with great delight
      adj. delightful
     n.  being enchanted
        convert ordinary language into code
        v. form a circle round; surround
         n. small territory of one state surrounded by that of another
         v. ~ sth  (also inclose) put a wall, fence, etc round sth
        [ enclose: ] to close; hem in; surround
       n.  enclosing of land
       en"comi'astic, en"comi'astical adjective
     [ encomiast: ] en"comi'astic, en"comi'astical adjective
        n. (fml ) very high praise in speech or writing
       v.  include or comprise sth
          interj Again! Repeat!!
       v.  meet or find oneself faced by (sth/sb unpleasant, dangerous, difficult, etc)
       v.  ~ sb give support, confidence or hope to sb
   n. ~ (to do sth) action of encouraging
        v. ~ (fml ) go beyond what is right or natural or desirable; intrude
    n. ~ (fml ) action of encroaching
        to impede or hamper the function or activity of:HINDER
     n. person or thing that encumbers
      n. letter written by the Pope for wide circulation
    n. book or set of books giving information about every branch of knowledge, or about one particular subject, with articles in alphabetical order
    adj. dealing with or having knowledge of a wide variety of subjects; comprehensive
             n.  farthest or last part or point (of the length of sth); extreme limit
        v. cause danger to (sb/sth); put in danger
          v. ~ sb/oneself to sb make sb/oneself loved or liked by sb
       adj. causing or resulting in affection
      n. word or expression of affection
        [ endeavour: ] to try (to do something)
       n. attempt or effort
         n, adj that is regularly found in a particular country or area, or among a particular group of people
          n. end, esp of a story, film, play or word
          n.  type of plant with curly leaves used as salad
         adj.  without end
       of or denoting endocrine glands or their secretions
   the branch of medical science concerned with the endocrine glands and their secretions
         v.  write one's name on the back of
     n. act of endorsing
           v.  ~ sb/sth give money, property, etc to provide a regular income for (eg a school, a college)
       n.  action of endowing
           v. ~ sb with sth provide or supply sb with a good quality, ability etc
       adj. that can be endured; bearable
       n. state or power of enduring
          v.  suffer or undergo patiently
        adj. continuing in existence; lasting
           n. person who strongly dislikes or wants to injure or attack sb/sth
       full of or done with energy
        invigorate; make forceful and active
          n.  ability to act or work with strength and eagerness
        v. cause to lose strength or energy
       [ enervate: ] vt. to deprive of strength or vitality; weaken physically or mentally; debilitate
        v. make weak or feeble
         v.  ~ sth force people to obey (a law, etc); make sth effective
     adj. that can be enforced
     n. enforcing or being enforced
     v.  give (sb) political rights, esp the right to vote at parliamentary elections
          v.  ~ sb (fml ) arrange to employ sb; hire sb
         adj.  busy; occupied
      n.  agreement to marry
        adj. likely to attract or occupy the attention; charming
        v. be the cause of (a situation or condition)
          n.  machine with moving parts that converts energy such as heat, electricity, etc into motion
        n.  person who designs, builds or maintains engines, machines, bridges, railways, mines, etc
     n. practical application of scientific knowledge in the design, construction and control of machines, public services such as roads, bridges, etc, electrical apparatus, chemicals, etc
         the largest division of Great Britain, bordering on Scotland and Wales: unified in the mid-tenth century and conquered by the Normans in 1066; united with Wales in 1536 and Scotland in 1707
         n.  the language of England, used in Britain, most countries in the British Commonwealth, the USA and some other countries
      Englishwoman (pl -women) ns  person born in England or one whose parents are English or one who has become an English citizen
         v.  ~ B on A/~ A cut or carve (words, designs, etc) on (a hard surface)
        [ engrave: ] to inscribe (a design, writing, etc.) onto (a block, plate, or other surface used for printing) by carving, etching with acid, or other process
       n.  art of cutting or carving designs on metal, stone, etc
         v.  occupy all the time or attention of (sb)
       [ engross: ] to occupy one's attention completely; absorb
      taken up all the time or attention/writing in large or formal
          v. (of the sea, flames, etc) surround (sth) or cause (sth) to disappear; envelop
         v. increase make (sb/sth) look better
     n. action of enhancing
          n. question, person, thing, circumstance, etc that is difficult to understand; mystery
       adj. difficult to understand; mysterious
          v. ~ sth (fml or law ) impose (an action or prohibition) on sb; order
           v.  get pleasure from
       adj. giving joy; pleasant
       n.  pleasure; satisfaction
        v. cause (flames, passion, etc) to flare up
         v.  (cause sth to) become larger
     n.  action of enlarging or being enlarged
       v. ~ sb give more knowledge or information to sb; free sb from false beliefs or ignorance
     adj. free from prejudice, ignorance, superstition, etc
    [ enlighten: ] to give information or understanding to; instruct; edify
   n.  act of enlightening or state of being enlightened
          v. ~ (in/for sth); ~ (sb) (as sth)  enter or cause (sb) to enter the armed forces
      n.  enlisting or being enlisted
         v. make more lively or cheerful
          v. ~ sb/sth (usu fig ) entangle (as) in a net
        [ enmesh: ] to catch or involve in or as if in a net or snare; entangle
          n. condition or feeling of being an enemy; hostility
         v.  make (sb) a member of the nobility
           n. weariness of mind caused by lack of anything interesting or exciting to do; feeling of boredom
        n.  great wickedness
        adj. very large; immense
      adv. to a very great extent
          indef det ~ sth (for sb/sth); ~ sth (for sb) to do sth as many or as much of sth as necessary; sufficient
          v. make very angry
         [ enrage: ] to provoke to fury; put into a rage; anger
       v. fill (sb) with great delight or joy
          v. ~ sb/sth  make sb/sth rich or richer
           v. ~ (sb) (in/as sth) become or make (sb) a member (of sth)
          [ enrol: ] to record or note in a roll or list
        v. ~ oneself/sb in sth establish or settle oneself in a safe, secret, comfortable, etc place
        n.  thing viewed as a whole; general effect
        v. ~ sth (in sth) place or keep sth (in, or as if in, a shrine or holy place)
          n.  (esp naval) flag or banner
         v. make a slave of (sb)
         v.  ~ sb/sth (in sth) (often fig ) catch sb/sth in, or as if in, a trap or snare
           v. ~ happen afterwards or as a result; follow
          v.  make sure; guarantee
          v.  make necessary; involve
        v. ~ sb/sth/oneself  cause sb/sth/oneself to become twisted, tangled or caught (in sth)
    n.  entangling or being entangled
           v.  come or go in or into (sth)
      n.  project or undertaking, esp one that is difficult or needs courage
    adj. having or showing enterprise(2)
       v.  ~ sb receive sb as a guest; provide food and drink for sb, esp in one's home
    adj. amusing and pleasing
   n.  entertaining or being entertained
         v. capture the whole attention of (sb) as if by magic; please greatly; captivate
        capture; make slave
     adj. an enthralling performance
        v. place (a king, queen or bishop) on a throne, esp with ceremony; exalt
         v. ~ show great admiration or interest for
      n. ~  strong feeling of admiration or interest; great eagerness
      n. ~ person filled with enthusiasm
    adj. ~ full of enthusiasm
adv: She greeted him enthusiastically with a kiss
          v. ~ sb (from sth); ~ sb (into sth/doing sth) try to tempt or persuade sb, usu by offering sth pleasant or a reward
      n.  enticing or being enticed
     [ entice: ] to attract or draw towards oneself by exciting hope or desire; tempt; allure
        adj. attractive or tempting
          adj. with no part left out; whole; complete
        adv. completely
        n. state of being entire; completeness
         v.  give a title to
        [ entitle: ] to give (a person) the right to do or have something; qualify; allow
          n.  thing with distinct and real existence
    n. student of or expert in entomology
      n. scientific study of insects
       n. all those who accompany and attend an important person
        n. internal organs of a person or animal, esp the intestines
        n.  ~ opening, gate, door, passage, etc by which one enters sth
          to catch in or as if in a trap
      the luring, by a police officer, of a person into committing a crime so that he may be prosecuted for i
         v. ~ sb (fml ) ask sb (for sth) earnestly and feelingly; beg
        n. earnest request or requesting
          n.  ~ (into sth) right or privilege of admission or entry
        v.  surround or protect with a trench or trenches
      [ entrench: ] vt. to construct (a defensive position) by digging trenches around
    n.  system of trenches made for defence
    n.  person who starts or organizes a commercial enterprise, esp one involving financial risk
 adj. entrepreneurial flair, skills, etc
         v.  ~ A to B/ ~ B with A trust sb to take charge of sth/sb
           n.  ~ act of coming or going in
         v. ~ sth make sth by twisting one thing around another
       v. name one by one; count
     n.
       v.  say or pronounce clearly
     n.
         v. ~ sth/sb wrap sth/sb up; cover or surround sth/sb completely (in sth) ;
        n. wrapper or covering, esp one made of paper for a letter
        adj. causing envy; desirable enough to cause envy
        adv: enviably rich
         adj. ~ full of envy; feeling, showing or expressing envy
         enclose; surround
     n.  conditions, circumstances, etc affecting people's lives
   adj.  of or caused by a person's environment
an adherent of environmentalist
 adv: Building a new factory there would be environmentally disastrous
        n. districts surrounding a town, etc
        v. picture in the mind as a future possibility; imagine
        to picture to oneself
           n.  messenger or representative, esp one sent to deal with a foreign government
            n.  ~ ~ (at/of sth) feeling of discontent caused by sb else's good fortune or success, esp when one wishes this for oneself
          n.  organic chemical substance that is formed in living cells and assists chemical changes (eg in digestion) without being changed itself
          of, denoting, or formed in the second epoch of the Tertiary period, which lasted for 20000000 years, during which hooved mammals appeared
        (plural:  -puses)
             n. an indefinitely long period of time
         an ornamental cloth pad worn on the shoulder
       n. shoulder ornament on a naval or military officer's uniform
       adj. living, lasting, etc for a very short time
            n.  long poem about the deeds of one or more great heroes, or a nation's past history
         n. person who takes a special interest in and gets great pleasure from food and drink
       n, adj fond of pleasure and luxury
        A circle that rolls upon the external or internal circumference of another circle.
      A curve traced by a point on the circumference of a circle which rolls upon another circle.
        n, adj spreading quickly among many people in the same place for a time
       n. outer layer of the skin
         n. short poem or saying expressing an idea in a clever and amusing way
    adj. expressing things, or expressed, in a short and witty way
        n. disease of the nervous system that causes a person to fall unconscious
       adj. of epilepsy
        n. part or section added at the end of a book, play, film, programme, etc, as a comment on the main action
        n. Christian festival held on 6 January, in memory of the coming of the Magi to the baby Jesus at Bethlehem , 16
         n.  event occurring as part of a long series of events as in a novel, one's life, etc
        adj. occurring irregularly; sporadic
  [ epistemology: ] e"piste'mologist nou
    the study or a theory of the nature and grounds of knowledge especially with reference to its limits and validity
         n.  letter
         n. words written or said about a dead person, esp words inscribed on a tombstone
         n. adjective or descriptive phrase that refers to the character or most important quality of sb/sth eg Alfred the Great, Attila the Hun ,
         n.  thing that shows on a small scale all the characteristics of sth much larger
       to serve as the typical or ideal example of
       Prevailing among animals.
           n. period of time in history, life, the history of the earth, etc, esp one marked by notable events or characteristics
           A species of lyric poems.
         adj.  free from extremes of heat or cold; moderate
           adj.  the same in size, amount, value, number, degree, status, etc
        n. state of being equal
        To render uniform.
         adv.  in an equal manner or to an equal degree
      n. calmness of mind or temper
          v. ~ sth consider sth as equal or equivalent (to sth else)
        n.  statement that two expressions (connected by the sign =) are equal
         n. imaginary line around the earth at an equal distance from the North and South Poles
      adj. of horse-riding
     n.  state of being balanced
          adj. of or like a horse or horses
         n. either of the two times in the year (around
           v. ~ sb/sth (with sth) supply sb/sth (with what is needed, for a particular purpose)
       n.  things needed for a particular purpose
       n.  balanced state, esp of the mind; equilibrium ;
       adj. fair and just; reasonable
      riding a horse as a sport
          n.  fairness; right judgement
     n.  state or quality of being equivalent
      adj. ~ equal in value, amount, meaning, importance, etc
       adj.  having a double or doubtful meaning; ambiguous
      v. speak in an ambiguous way to hide the truth or mislead people
    n.  use of equivocal statements to mislead people
             n.  period in history starting from a particular time or event
       v. destroy completely; put an end to (sth)
     (n.) the act of annihilating, destroying, or erasing
      n. person or thing that eradicates, esp a chemical substance that removes ink marks
           v.  ~ sth rub or scrape sth out; remove all traces of sth
         n.  action of erasing
           adj.  standing on end; upright; vertical
           v. destroy or wear (sth) away gradually
          [ erode: ] to grind or wear down or away or become ground or worn down or away
         n. process of eroding or being eroded
          adj. of or arousing sexual desire
             v.  make mistakes; be wrong ;
          n.  short journey to take a message, get or deliver goods, etc
          adj.  doing wrong; misbehaving
         adj. irregular or uneven in movement, quality or behaviour; unreliable
     adv: Being out of practice the team played very erratically
       adj. incorrect; mistaken
           n.  thing done wrongly; mistake
          adj. imitation or substitute, usu inferior to the original
       former; one-time
         adj. having or showing great learning; scholarly
       n. learning
           v.  suddenly throw out lava, etc
        n.  outbreak of a volcano
        v. increase or develop by successive stages; become or make (sth) more intense
      n. rapidly increas
       n. moving staircase carrying people up or down between floors or different levels
        n. daring, mischievous or adventurous act; prank
          v.  ~ get free; get away (from imprisonment or control)
        n. (habit of) trying to forget unpleasant realities by means of entertainment, fantasy, etc
        n. person whose behaviour is characterized by escapism
          v. keep away from (sth); abstain from; avoid
          n.  person or group of people, ships, vehicles, etc accompanying sb/sth to give protection or as an honour; person, etc accompanying valuable goods to guard them
      n.  shield displaying a coat of arms
       = oesophagus
        adj. likely to be understood by only those with a special knowledge or interest; mysterious; obscure
        adj. exceptional; outstanding; special
      adv. in particular; specially
       n. practice of spying or using spies to obtain secret information
        n. ~ of sth espousing of (a cause, etc)
         v. give one's support to (a cause, theory, etc)
          n. lively wit
            v. (dated or joc ) catch sight of (sb/sth)
         n. (abbr  Esq) polite title added after a man's surname (instead of Mr before it), esp in addressing letters , Mr
           n. piece of writing, usu short and in prose, on any one subject
         n.  that which makes a thing what it is; most important or indispensable quality of sth
       adj.  ~ necessary; indispensable; most important
     adv. in his/its true nature; basically
       v.  set up on a firm or permanent basis
     adj. made official for a country
   n.  action of creating or setting up
          n.  area of land, esp in the country, with one owner
          v. (not used in the continuous tenses )  have a high opinion of (sb/sth); respect greatly
        [ esteem: ] to have great respect or high regard for
       adj. worthy of great respect
        n.  judgement or calculation of the approximate size, cost, value, etc of sth
        to arouse especially mutual enmity or indifference in where there had formerly been love, affection, or friendliness:ALIENATE
       [ estrange: ] [usually passive; often foll by from]  to separate and live apart from (one's spouse)
    n.  state of being estranged
         n. wide river mouth into which the tide flows
            v. ~ sth (on/onto sth) use a needle and acid to make (a picture, etc) on a metal plate from which copies may be printed
         n.  art of making etched prints
         adj.  without beginning or end; lasting or existing for ever
       adv.  throughout all time; for ever ;
        adj.  of unearthly delicacy and lightness; seeming too spiritual or fairy-like for this world
           n.  system of moral principles; rules of conduct
         adj.  of morals or moral questions
          the discipline dealing with what is good and bad and with moral duty and obligation
          adj.  of a national, racial or tribal group that has a common cultural tradition
    n. student of or expert in ethnography
     n. scientific description of the different human races
    adj. of ethnology
     n. student of or expert in ethnology
       n. science of the different human races, their characteristics, relations to one another, etc
      [ ethology: ] ethological  adjective
        ethological  adjective
           n. characteristic spirit, moral values, ideas or beliefs of a group, community or culture
       n. formal rules of correct and polite behaviour in society or among members of a profession
    adj. of etymology
       n.  study of the origin and history of words and their meanings
      n.  (also euca`lyptus tree) any of several types of tall evergreen trees (including the Australian gum-tree), from which oil, timber and gum are obtained
         pertaining to the improvement of race
        n. science of the production of healthy intelligent children with the aim of improving the human genetic stock1
      adj. full of high praise
        to speak or write in high praise of:EXTOL
          n. (speech or piece of writing containing) high praise of a person or thing
       n. use of pleasant, mild or indirect words or phrases in place of more accurate or direct ones
     adj. consisting of or containing euphemisms
      adj. of a pleasing sound
         n. pleasantness of sound, esp in words
        n. intense feeling of happiness and pleasant excitement
        adj. euphoric shouts of victory
          interj I have found it! (a cry of triumph at making a discovery )
          the second smallest continent, forming the W extension of Eurasia
        n, adj of Europe
       [ eurhythmic: ] having a pleasing and harmonious rhythm, order, or structure
      n. gentle and painless death for a person suffering from a painful incurable disease, extreme old age, etc
        v.  ~ sb (to...) remove sb from a place of danger to a safer place, esp in time of war
      n.  act of evacuating or state of being evacuated
           v.  get or keep out of the way of
        v. find out or form an idea of the amount or value of (sb/sth); assess
      n.
      of, denoting, or based on an act of evaluating
        To vanish gradually.
      adj. quickly fading; soon disappearing from memory
     adj.  of or according to the teachings of the Christian Gospel, or the Christian religion
  n. evangelicalbeliefs and teachings
      n.  any one of the four writers of the Gospels in the Bible
       v.  change into vapour and disappear
     n.
         n.  keeping out of the way of sb; avoidance
         adj.  having the aim or intention of avoiding capture, of not giving a direct answer, etc
             n. the first woman on earth, created by God
            adj.  level; smooth; flat
      without partiality
         n.  part of the day between about 6p.m. and bedtime
          adv. in an even manner
           n.  thing that happens, esp sth important; incident
        adj. happening at last as a result; ultimate
      adv. in the end; at last
            adv.  at any time
     adj.  going on or lasting for ever
   adv. in an everlasting(3) manner
           To turn inside out.
           indef det  (used with sing ns to refer to groups of three or more which are seen as wholes , ) each individual
       indef pron every person; all people
        adj. used or happening daily; familiar
        pronoun  every person; everybody
      indef pron  all things
      indef adv in or to every place
           to force out:EXPEL
        n. ~  evicting or being evicted
        n.  ~ (esp law ) information that gives a reason for believing sth or proves sth
         adj. ~ (that...) obvious (to the eye or mind); clear
      adj. of, based on, or providing evidence
       adv. obviously; it appears that
            adj.  morally bad; wicked
          adv. in an evil manner
          v. show clearly that one has (a feeling, quality, etc); exhibit
      v. remove the internal organs of (a body); disembowel ;
       adj. ~ that evokes or is able to evoke memories, feelings, etc (of sth)
           v.  bring to mind (a feeling, memory, etc); summon up
       n.  (theory of the) gradual development of the characteristics of plants and animals over many generations, esp the development of more complicated forms from earlier, simpler forms
    adj. of or resulting from (the theory of) evolution; developing
          v.  (cause to) develop naturally and (usu) gradually
             n. female sheep
            n. large wide-mouthed jug for holding water, esp as formerly used with a basin in a bedroom without a piped water supply ,
              n. (pl ~es, ~'s) former wife or husband; former boyfriend or girlfriend
      v. make (pain, disease, a situation) worse; aggravate
           adj.  correct in every detail; precise
        adj. making great demands; requiring great effort
        n.  action of exacting money, etc
      n. over-correctness
         adv.  quite; just
      v. make seem larger, better, worse, etc than it really is; stretch (a description) beyond the truth
     adj. made to seem larger, better, worse, etc than it really is
    n.  action of exaggerating
           v.  make (sb) higher in rank or greater in power
      n. state of spiritual delight; elation ;
            n. examination(2)
     n.  action of examining; being examined
         v.  ~ sth/sb look at carefully in order to learn about or from; inspect closely
        n.  person who tests knowledge or ability
         n.  fact, event, etc that illustrates or represents a general rule
      v. irritate or annoy greatly
    n. state of being exasperated
        v.  make (a hole or channel) by digging; remove (soil, etc) by digging
      n.  activity of excavating
          v. be greater or more numerous than (esp a quantity)
     adv. extremely; to an unusual degree
           v.  ~ in/at sth be exceptionally good at sth
      n.  ~ quality of being excellent; great merit
      n. title given to ambassadors, governors, their husbands or wives, and some other officers and officials
       adj.  very good; of very high quality
          prep ~ ~ (that...) not including (sb/sth); but not
       n.  leaving out or excluding; person or thing that is not included
   adj. that sb can object to
     adj. very unusual; outstanding
   adv. unusually; outstandingly
         n. ~ passage, extract, from a book, film, piece of music, etc
          n.  an ~ of sth more than the reasonable, expected or moderate degree or amount of sth
        [ excess: ] the state or act of going beyond normal, sufficient, or permitted limits
       adj. greater than what is normal or necessary; extreme
     adv.
        n.  giving one thing or person in return for another
    adj. that can be exchanged
       n.  the Exchequer government department in charge of public money
          n. government tax on certain goods manufactured, sold or used within a country
        n.  action of excising
    n. quality of being excitable
       adj. easily excited
      Intensified emotion or action.
          v.  cause strong feelings of eagerness, happiness, nervousness, etc in
         adj. feeling or showing excitement
      n.  state of strong emotion or feeling, esp one caused by sth pleasant
        adj. causing great interest or enthusiasm
         v. cry out suddenly and loudly from pain, anger, surprise, etc
     n. sound(s) or word(s), expressing sudden surprise, pain, etc
         v.  ~ sb/sth prevent sb from entering somewhere, taking part in sth, etc; keep sb out
       n.  ~ (from sth) action of excluding; being excluded
       adj.  (of a group, society, etc) not readily admitting new members (esp if they are thought to be socially inferior); select
     [ exclusive: ] excluding all else; rejecting other considerations, possibilities, events, etc.
      come up with
       to censure scathingly
     severe criticism
     n. abnormal (ugly and useless) growth on an animal body or a plant
         v. (of an animal or a plant) pass out (waste matter, sweat, etc) from the system
       n. action of excreting
      to subject to intense mental distress
    adj. intense; acute
       v. ~ sb (fml ) free sb from blame; say that sb is not guilty
     Acting or tending to exculpate
       n. short journey, esp one made by a group of people together for pleasure
       constituting a digression:characterized by digression
       adj. that may be excused
          n. ~ (true or invented) reason given to explain or defend one's behaviour; apology
       adj. verybad; terrible
        to declare to be evil or detestable:DENOUNCE
      An accursed thing.
         v.  carry out, perform (what one is asked or told to do)
       n.  carrying out or performance of a piece of work, plan, design, duty, etc
     n. public official who carries out a death sentence
       adj.  concerned with the management and carrying out of plans, decisions, etc
        n. person who is appointed by the maker of a will to carry out the terms of the will
        n. (fml ) explanation and interpretation of a written work, esp the Bible ,
        A model, pattern, or original to be copied or imitated.
       adj.  serving as an example; suitable for imitation
       v.  be a typical example of (sth)
          adj. ~ free from an obligation, duty or payment; not liable
       immunity from an obligation or duty
        n.  use or practice through effort or action
           v.  ~ sth bring (a quality, skill, pressure, etc) into use; apply sth
        n. action of applying influence, etc
      n.  act of exhaling
          v.  breathe (sth) out
         n.  waste fumes, gases, steam, etc expelled from an engine or a machine
      n.  total loss of strength; extreme tiredness
      adj. very thorough; complete
  [ exhaustive: ] comprehensive in scope; thorough
         n.  object or collection of objects displayed for the public, eg in a museum
      n.  collection of things shown publicly (eg works of art, industrial or commercial goods for advertisement)
   n.  tendency to behave in a way intended to attract attention to oneself
   n. person who is given to exhibitionism
       n. person who displays pictures, flowers, etc at a show
      v. make feel very happy or lively
     [ exhilarate: ] to make lively and cheerful; gladden; elate
    adj. very exciting; causing happiness
    n.
          v. ~ sb (fml ) advise sb strongly or earnestly; urge sb
     n.  action of exhorting
      n.  exhuming or being exhumed
          v. take from the ground (for examination)
        [ exigency: ] the state of being exigent; urgency
        n. (condition of) urgent need or demand; emergency
         adj.  requiring immediate action; urgent
        adj. very small (in amount); scanty
           n.  being sent away from one's native country or home, esp for political reasons or as a punishment; forced absence
           v.  ~ be real or actual; have being
       n.  state or fact of existing
     adj.  of or relating to (esp human) existence
            n.  action of leaving; departure, esp that of an actor from the stage
        of or relating to exocrine glands or their secretions
          n.  ~ (to...) (fml or joc ) departure of many people at one time
         marriage to a person belonging to a tribe or group other than your own as required by custom or law
       to relieve of a responsibility, obligation, or hardship
     set smb clear, free (eg. from blame)
     n. (fml ). exorbitantly
      adj. (of a price, charge, etc) much too high or great; unreasonable
        drive out evil spirits
        n. exorcizing
        n. person who exorcizes
        to expel or attempt to expel (one or more evil spirits) from (a person or place believed to be possessed or haunted), by prayers, adjurations, and religious rites
          adj.  introduced from another country; not native
          v.  ~ (into sth) (cause sth to) become greater in size, number or importance
       [ expand: ] to make or become greater in extent, volume, size, or scope; increase
         n. ~ wide and open area (of land, sea, etc)
       n. action of expanding; state of being expanded
       adj.  able or tending to expand
   n.
       v. ~ on/upon sth write or speak at great length or in detail about a subject
      n. person living outside his own country
          v. ~ sth (from sb/sth) think or believe that sth will happen or that sb/sth will come
      n. state of expecting or hoping
       adj. expecting (esp sth good); hopeful
     adv.
     n.  ~ firm belief that sth will happen; hope of gaining sth/that sth will happen
     v. send out (phlegm from the throat, blood from the lungs) by coughing; spit
      that which is advisable or practical
       adj. useful, helpful or advisable for a particular purpose, though not necessarily fair or moral
        v. help the progress of (work, business, etc); hasten or speed up
      n.  organized journey or voyage with a particular aim
     adj. done with speed and efficiency
           v. ~ sb (from sth)  force sb to leave (esp a country, school or club)
          v. ~ sth (fml )  spend, use (money, etc) in doing sth
      adj. that may be consumed, destroyed, etc to achieve a purpose
     n.  action of spending or using
         n.  spending of money etc; cost
       adj. costing a lot
      n.  knowledge or skill acquired from seeing and doing things
     adj. having become skilful or knowledgeable from extensive contact or participation or observatio
      n. test or trial done carefully in order to study what happens and gain new knowledge
    adj. of, used for, using or based on experiments
  adv: We are using the substance experimentally at first
 n. activity, process or practice of experimenting
          n. ~ person with special knowledge, skill or training in a particular field
       n. expert knowledge or skill, esp in a particular field
         v. accept punishment for (wrong one has done) and do something to show one is sorry; make up for
       n. (fml )
      n.  ending, esp of the period when a contract, etc is in force
          v.  come to an end; become no longer in use
         v.  ~ sth make sth plain or clear; give the meaning of sth
     n.  explaining
     adj. giving, serving or intended as an explanation
       n. violent (often meaningless) exclamation said in anger, pain, etc; swear-word
      adj. that can be explained
       v. explain and analyse (esp an idea, a statement or a work of literature) in detail
        adj.  (of a statement, etc) clearly and fully expressed
      adv: She was explicitly forbidden to attend
         v.  burst with a loud noise; blow up
         n. brave or adventurous deed or action
    n. exploiting or being exploited
     n.  activity of exploring
         v.  travel into or through in order to learn about it
        n. person who explores
       n.  (loud noise caused by) sudden and violent bursting; exploding
       adj.  likely or easily able to explode
        n.  person or thing that explains and supports a theory, belief, cause, etc
     adj.  of or indicated by an exponent(3)
   adv: increase exponentially
          n.  exporting
          v.  uncover or make (sth) visible; display
         adj. not sheltered (from wind, weather, etc)
      n.  explaining or making clear by giving details
      serving to expound or set fourth
     v. ~ (on/about sth) (fml ) make a protest (to sb); reason or argue (with sb), esp to persuade him not to do sth
   n. protest; reasoned persuasion, etc
        n.  action of exposing or state of being exposed
         v. ~ sth (fml ) explain or make sth clear by giving details
         adj.  going, sent or delivered quickly
       [ express: ] to transform (ideas) into words; utter; verbalize
     [ express: ] to transform (ideas) into words; utter; verbalize
      n.  action or process of expressing (express3 1)
      adj.  showing one's feelings or thoughts
       adv.  clearly; definitely
     v.  ~ sth (from sb) take away (property, etc) for public use without payment to the owner
       n. ~  action of expelling or being expelled
         v. ~ sth (fml ) remove or wipe out (words, names, etc) from a list, book, etc
       v. remove improper or objectionable parts from (a book, etc)
       adj.  extremely beautiful or delicate; finely or skilfully made or done
          adj. still in existence
  adj. spoken or done without preparation; extempore ;
       adj. adv without previous thought or preparation; impromptu
     to do something extemporaneously:IMPROVISE;  especially :to speak extemporaneously
          v.  make longer or larger (in space or time)
        stretched out in time, space, influence, application, etc.
      Capable of being thrust out.
       n.  process or action of extending (extend 1,2,3); state of being extended
       adj.  large in area; extending far
     adv: He has travelled extensively in Europe
        A muscle that causes extension.
          n.  length; area; range
       v. make (wrongdoing) less serious (by providing an excuse)
     [ extenuate: ] to represent (an offence, a fault, etc.) as being less serious than it appears, as by showing mitigating circumstances
     n. action of extenuating; being extenuated
        adj. on or coming from the outside; outer
     v. destroy completely (a race or group of people or animals); wipe out
        adj.  outside; situated on the outside of sth (esp the body)
     to make external; give outward shape to
         adj.  no longer in existence
      n.  action of making extinct; state of being extinct
      v.  cause (sth) to stop burning; put out
       v. remove or destroy (sth) completely
     n.
           v. ~sb (as sth) (fml ) praise (sb/sth) highly
          v. ~ sth obtain sth by violence, threats, etc
       n.  action of extorting
     extortionist  ns person who extorts
    [ extort: ] to secure (money, favours, etc.) by intimidation, violence, or the misuse of influence or authority
           adj. more than or beyond what is usual, expected or necessary; additional
         v. ~ sth  take or get sth out, usu with effort or by force
      n.  action of extracting (extract 1a)
 taking place outside the normal school timetable
       v.  give up or send back to the country where the crime was (said to be) committed
     surrender of prisoner by one state to another
   Happening out of court.
      adj.  for people who are not full-time residential members of a university
      adj. ~  not belonging to or directly connected with the subject or matter being dealt with
 adv: extraordinarily beautiful, thoughtful, rude
   adj.  beyond what is ordinary; very unusual; remarkable
     v. ~ sth (fml )  (mathematics ) calculate (an unknown quantity) approximately from known values or measurements
    [ extrapolate: ] (Maths)  to estimate (a value of a function or measurement) beyond the values already known, by the extension of a curve
   n. ~ (fml )
adj. of or from outside the earth and its atmosphere
adj. (of an ambassador, etc) free from the laws of the country in which one lives
    n.  being extravagant
     adj.  using or spending too much; (of actions) showing this tendency
         adj.  as far away as possible (esp from the centre or beginning); remote
       adv. to a very high degree
        [ extreme: ] being of a high or of the highest degree or intensity
       n. holding of such views
       n. person who holds extreme(3) views (esp in politics)
       n.  (fml ) furthest point, end or limit of sth
      that can be freed
       v. ~ sb/sth (fml ) set sb/sth free; release sb/sth ;
       adj. ~ (fml ) (of qualities, values, etc) not belonging to or part of the real nature of a person or thing; coming from outside
    n. state of being extroverted
       n.  person more interested in what is happening around him than in his own thoughts and emotions
     [ extrovert: ] a person concerned more with external reality than inner feelings
         v. ~ sth (fml )  force or squeeze out sth under pressure
      n. state or quality of being exuberant
       adj.  overflowing with happiness and excitement; very lively and cheerful
           v.  ~ (sth) (from/through sth) (of drops of liquid, etc) come or pass out slowly; ooze out
           v. ~ (at/in sth) get great pleasure from sth; rejoice greatly
        adj. ~ exulting; triumphant
             n.  organ of sight
         n.  arch of hair above the human eye
         adj. without eyes; without sight ;
          n.  upper or lower of two movable folds of skin that close to cover the eyeball
        n. power of seeing; ability to see
      n. = witness
           n.  short story not based on fact, often with animals as characters, that conveys a moral
          n.  type of cloth, esp one that is woven
       v.  invent
     n.  action or result of fabricating
        adj.  incredibly great
          n.  front (of a building)
            n.  front part of the head from the forehead to the chin
           n.  any of the many sides of a cut stone or jewel
       adj. intended to be amusing, often inappropriately
           n.  = dashboard (dash1)
          adj. of or for the face
        adv. as far as the face is concerned
          adj.  easily obtained or achieved (and so not highly valued)
      v. (of an object, a process, etc but not of a person) make (sth) easy or less difficult
      [ facility: ] ease of action or performance; freedom from difficulty
        n.  ability to learn or do things easily
       n. exact copy or reproduction of writing, printing, a picture, etc
            n.  thing that is known to have happened or to be true or to exist
    n. discovering the truth about sth
         n. small united group within a larger one, esp in politics
       [ faction: ] a group of people forming a minority within a larger body, esp. a dissentious group
    [ faction: ] a group of people forming a minority within a larger body, esp. a dissentious group
        adj.  of or causedby faction
      adj. deliberately created or developed; unnatural; artificial
          n.  fact, circumstance, etc that helps to produce a result
         n. buildingin which goods are manufactured
        n. person employed to do all kinds of work
         adj. based on or containing facts
       adv: factually correct
         n.  any of the powers of the body or mind
             n. fashion, interest, preference, enthusiasm, etc that is not likely to last
         adj. having peculiar likes and dislikes
           adj. faddish, esp about food
            v.  lose colour, freshness or vigour
          a variation in the strength of received radio signals due to variations in the conditions of the transmission mediu
             n.  tedious and tiring job
      adj. of a temperature scale with the freezing-point of water at 3
            v.  ~ (in sth) be unsuccessful in (sth)
       adj. designed to compensate automatically for a breakdown or failure
         n.  lack of success
           adj.  that cannot be clearly perceived by the senses; indistinct; not intense in colour or sound or smell
    lacking courage or resolution:TIMID
            adj.  ~ (to/on sb) treating each person, side, etc equally and according to the law, rules, etc; impartial
          adv.  in a fair manner; honestly
        [ fair: ] free from discrimination, dishonesty, etc.; just; impartial
           n.  small imaginary being with magical powers
       n.  home of fairies
           n.  ~ trust; strong belief; unquestioning confidence
        adj.  ~ loyal (to sb/sth)
      adv.  in a faithful manner
    n.
            n. object (eg a work of art) that seems genuine but is not
          n. small bird of prey
            v. come or go down from force of weight, loss of balance, etc; descend or drop
      adj. misleading; based on error
         n.  false or mistaken belief
          pp of fall1
     n.
        adj. liable to make mistakes
          adj. ploughed but left unplanted to restore its fertility
           adj.  wrong; incorrect
       n.  untrue statement; lie
   [ falsify: ] vt. to make (a report, evidence, accounts, etc.) false or inaccurate by alteration, esp. in order to deceive
         make false by mutilation or addition; as of a message or story
          v.  move, walk or act hesitantly, usu because of weakness, fear or indecision
            n. being known or talked about by many people
           adj. ~ (for sth)
        of or relating to the family
        adj.  ~ with sth having a good knowledge of sth
     n.  ~ with sth good knowledge of sth
 [ familiarize: ] to make (oneself or someone else) familiar, as with a particular subject
          n.  group consisting of parents and their children
          n. extreme scarcity of food in a region
          To suffer extremity of hunger or thirst.
        adj. very hungry
          adj.  ~ known to very many people; celebrated
             n. object, often shaped like a semicircle, held in the hand and waved to create a current of cool air
         n. person who is too enthusiastic about sth, esp religion or politics
       adj. surpassing what is normal or accepted in enthusiasm for or belief in something; excessively or unusually dedicated or devoted
      n. great or obsessive enthusiasm
         imaginary; unreal
         n. person with a special interest in and love for sth
        adj.  using the imagination rather than reason
           n.  power of the mind to imagine
         n. short ceremonial piece of music, usu played on trumpets
            n.  long sharp tooth, esp of dogs and wolves
        n. imaginative musical or other composition with no fixed form
       adj.  wild and strange
         n.  imagination or fancy
             adj. (dated or fml ) distant
           n.  funny play for the theatre based on unlikely situations and events
        adj. absurd; ridiculous ;
            n.  money charged for a journey by bus, ship, taxi, etc
        interj  goodbye
     adj.  (of a comparison) strained; unnatural
            n.  area of land, and the buildings on it, used for growing crops or raising animals
          n. person who owns or manages a farm
         n. confused collection; mixture
    adj. likely to have a wide influence or many results
          v. give birth to young pigs
         adj. more distant in space, direction or time
        adj. 1 most distant in space, direction or time
          a sheet or band of fibrous connective tissue separating or binding together muscles and organs etc
       v.  attract or interest greatly
     adj. having great attraction or charm
     n.  fascinating quality; process of fascinating
         n.  manner or way of doing sth
     adj.  following a style that is currently popular
 [ fashionable: ] conforming to fashion; in vogue
     adv. in a fashionable manner
            adj.  moving or done quickly; rapid
          v.  ~ sth (down) secure or fix sth firmly
        n. device that fastens sth
      adj.  selecting carefully; choosing only what is good ;
  n.
        n. quality of being fast2
             adj.  covered with or having a lot of fat
           adj. ~  causing or ending in death
        n. belief that events are decided by fate(1); acceptance of all that happens as inevitable ;
        n. person who believes in fateor accepts everything as inevitable
      adj. showing a belief in fate
        n.  death caused by accident or in war, etc
            n.  power believed to control all events in a way that cannot be resisted; destiny
         adj.  important and decisive
          n.  male parent
      n. state of being a father
   n.  father of one's husband or wife
          n. measure of the depth of water , 61.8
      [ fathom: ] a unit of length equal to six feet (1.829 metres), used to measure depths of water
      adj. too deep to measure
         n.  great tiredness, usu resulting from hard work or exercise
       [ fatigue: ] physical or mental exhaustion due to exertion
          v. ~ sb/sth (up) make sb/sth fat or fatter
         n.  state of being fatuous
         adj. stupid and silly; foolish
     n.
          n.  tap for a barrel, etc ,
           n.  imperfection or flaw
        adv. in a faulty manner
       adj.
          adj. having a fault or faults; imperfect
            n. god of the fields and woods, with goat's horns and legs but a human torso ,
           n. all the animals of an area or a period of time
           [ favour: ] an approving attitude; good will
       [ favourable: ] advantageous, encouraging, or promising
      [ favouritism: ] the practice of giving special treatment to a person or group
          n.  liking; goodwill; approval
      adj.  giving or showing approval
       n. ~  person or thing liked more than others
            n.  deer less than one year old
         [ fawn: ] a young deer of either sex aged under one year
             v. ~ sth send the copy of (a document, an illustration, etc) by an electronic system using telephone lines
            v. fluster (sb)
          n. (oath of) loyalty owed by a feudal tenant, etc to his lord
            n.  emotion caused by the nearness or possibility of danger, pain, evil, etc
         adj.  ~ ~ (that/lest...) nervous and afraid
        adj. ~ not afraid (of sth)
    n.
        adj. frightening in appearance
        adj. that can be done; practicable; possible
           n.  unusually large or elaborate meal
            n. successful completion of sth needing skill, strength or courage
         n.  any of the many light fringed structures that grow from a bird's skin and cover its body .
        adj.  light and soft like feathers
         n.  one of the named parts of the face (eg nose, mouth, eyes) which together form its appearance
     adj. without distinct features (feature 2); uninteresting ;
         adj. caused by a fever
        n. the second month of the year, next after January
        adj. inefficient; irresponsible ;
          adj. fertile; productive
       n.
         of or relating to a form of government or a country in which power is divided between one central and several regional government
        v. unite into a federation
             n.  (usu pl ) amount paid for professional advice or service, eg to private teachers, doctors, etc
          adj. weak; faint
            v.  ~ sb/sth (on sth) give food to (a person or an animal)
        n.  information about a product, etc that a user gives back to its supplier, maker, etc
            v.  explore or perceive (sth) by touching or by holding in the hands
         n.  ability to feel
            pl of foot1
           v. pretend
         [ feign: ] to put on a show of (a quality or emotion); pretend
           n. pretended attack to distract an opponent's attention from the main attack
          adj. (US infml )  (approv ) spirited; energetic; forceful ;
      v. ~ sb (fml ) congratulate sb
      adj. (esp of words) well-chosen; apt
        n.  great happiness
          adj. n animal of the cat family
            pt of fall1
          n.  companion; comrade
      n.  friendly association with others; companionship
           n. person guilty of felony
       adj. of or involving felony; criminal ;
          n. serious crime, eg murder, armed robbery or arson
            pt, pp of feel1
          adj.  of the sex that can give birth to children or produce eggs
        adj.  of or like women; having the qualities or appearance considered characteristic of women
        n. belief in the principle that women should have the same rights and opportunities (legal, political, social, economic, etc) as men
        n. supporter offeminism
           n.  structure of rails, stakes, wire, etc, esp one put round a field or garden to mark a boundary or keep animals from straying
          n. person who fences (fence
         material used for making fences, eg wood, wire, etc
          n.  metal frame placed around a fireplace to prevent burning coal, etc from falling out or young children from falling in
           adj. (of animals) wild or savage, esp after escaping from captivity or from life as a pet
         v.  change chemically through the action of organic substances (esp yeast)
    n. fermenting
            n. type of flowerless plant with feathery green leaves
         A place in which ferns are grown.
       adj. fierce, violent or savage
        n.  fierceness; violence
          n. small animal of the weasel family, kept for driving rabbits from their burrows, killing rats, etc
   [ ferromagnetism: ] adjectiv
         adj. containing or relating to iron
           n.  boat, hovercraft, etc that carries people and goods across a stretch of water
         adj.  able to produce much; rich in nutrients
       n. state or condition of being fertile
       to make fertile
      any substance, such as manure or a mixture of nitrates, added to soil or water to increase its productivity
         adj. showing warmth and sincerity of feeling; enthusiastic; passionate
       adv: believe fervently in eventual victory
          adj. = fervent
          intensity of feeling or expression
          adj. of a festival; gay and joyful ;
          v.  become infected and filled with pus
        n.  religious or other celebration
         adj. of or suitable for a feast or festival; joyous
           v.  ~sb/sth (for sb) go for and bring back sb/sth
            n. outdoor entertainment or sale, usu to raise money for a special purpose
           adj. smelling foul or unpleasant; stinking
          n.  object that is worshipped, esp because a spirit is believed to live in it
          n.  chain put round the feet of a person or animal to limit movement
        [ fetter: ] [often pl]  a chain or bond fastened round the ankle; shackle
           = foetus
            n. long and bitter quarrel between two people, families or groups
          adj. of or according to the system as during the Middle Ages in Europe, under which people receive land and protection from the landowner and work and fight for him in return
       n. the feudal system
         [ feud: ] long and bitter hostility between two families, clans, or individuals; vendetta
           n.  abnormally high body temperature, esp as a sign of illness
             indef det, adj  (used with pl ns and a pl v ) not many
             n. red felt hat with a flat top and a tassle but no brim, worn by men in certain Muslim countries .
          n. complete and ridiculous failure
            n. formal authorization, order or decree
           a natural or synthetic filament that may be spun into yarn, such as cotton or nylon
           n.  any of the slender threads of which many animal and plant tissues are formed
          adj. often changing; not constant
         n.  type of literature describing imaginary events and people
       adj. of fiction; told as a story
    to make into fiction or give a fictional aspect to
      adj. imagined or invented; not real
        n.  ~ loyalty; faithfulness
          v. ~ (with sth) make small restless movements, thus annoying other people
         adj. restless or inclined to fidget
        Indicative of faith or trust.
            a piece of land held under the feudal system
           n.  area of land used for pasturing animals or cultivating crops
      building stone found in field
       (Military)  a temporary structure used in defending or fortifying a place or positio
           n.  evil spirit; devil
        adj.  fierce or cruel
          adj.  violent and angry
         pron, det 15; one more than fourteen 15.
       pron, det 15th; next after fourteenth 15. n one of fifteen equal parts of sth . For the uses of fifteen and fifteenth see the examples at five and fifth. fifteenfifteenthfivefifth
           pron, det 5th; next after fourth 5
        pron, det 50th; next after forty-ninth 50. n one of fifty equal parts of sth
           pron, det 50; one more than forty-nine 50.
             n.  soft sweet fruit, full of small seeds and often eaten dried
           v. ~ (against/with sb/sth) struggle against sb/sth using physical force, in a war, battle, etc
         n.  person who fights in war or in sport
         n. thing that is not real but only imagined
      adj. (of words) used in an imaginative or a metaphorical way rather than literally
          n.  written symbol for a number, esp 0 to 9 09
      carved image on the prow of a ship
        n. small ornamental statue, esp of a person
        n.  very thin strand or fibre, like a thread
           v. steal (esp sth of small value)
            n. metal tool with a rough surface for cutting, smoothing or shaping hard substances
           n. small tender piece of beef without bones, cut from a sirloin
          adj. of or expected from a son or daughter
      n.  person who tries to delay or prevent the making of decisions in (esp parliamentary) meetings by making long speeches
        n. fine ornamental work using gold, silver or copper wire
          [ card: ] an index in which each item is separately listed on systematically arranged cards
         n. particles removed by a file
            v.  ~ sth (with sth); ~sth (for sb) make sth full (of sth); occupy all of the space in sth
          n.  piece of meat or fish without bones
           n. young female horse
            n.  ~ thin coating or covering on or over sth
           adj. thin and almost transparent
          n.  device containing paper, sand, cloth, etc used to hold back any solid material or impurities in a liquid or gas passed through it
           n.  disgusting dirt
          adj.  disgustingly dirty
             n.  thin flat projecting part of a fish, used for swimming and steering .
         => fine1
           adj.  of the end; coming last
          n. last part of a piece of music or a drama, etc
        n. quality or fact of being final
         adv.  lastly; in conclusion
         n.  management of money
       adj. concerning money and finance
       n. person engaged in financing businesses, etc on a large scale
       [ finance: ] the system of money, credit, etc., esp. with respect to government revenues and expenditures
           n. any of several types of small songbird with short, stubby bills
            v. discover (sth/sb) unexpectedly or by chance; come across
         n.  thing that is discovered as the result of an (official) inquiry
            n. sum of money that must be paid as a punishment for breaking a law or rule
          adv.  well; splendidly
          n. gay and elegant clothes or decoration
         n.  skill in dealing with people or situations cleverly or tactfully
          n.  any of the five parts extending from each hand (`little finger, `ring finger, `middle finger, `forefinger/`index finger, thumb); any of these except the thumb
      a thin horny translucent plate covering part of the dorsal surface of the end joint of each finger
     n. mark made by the tip of a finger on a surface and used for identifying people, esp criminals
         adj.  too fussy about food, clothes, etc
          v.  come or bring (sth) to an end
        adj.  ~ (infml ) in a state of having completed sth or no longer dealing with sb/sth
          adj.  having bounds; limited; not infinite
            n.  person who gives information to the police about criminals
         n. language of the Finns . adj of the Finns or their language
            n.  burning that produces light and heat
extinguisher portable metal container with water or a chemical mixture inside for putting out small fires
         n. portable gun of any sort, eg a rifle, revolver, etc
       n.  piece of burning wood
         n. type of winged insect that glows in the dark
         n.  member of a fire brigade
       n. open space for a fire in a room, usu made of brick or stone and set into a wall
        n. device containing chemicals that burn or explode spectacularly, used at celebrations or as a signal
            adj.  not yielding when pressed; fairly hard
       n. the firmament the sky
          adv. in a firm way
        n.
           det  1st; coming before all others in time, order, importance, etc
      adj. excellent; of the best quality
          adj. of or related to government money or public money, usu taxes
            n. cold-blooded animal living in water and breathing through gills, with fins and a tail for swimming
       n. person who catches fish, esp as a job but also as a sport or hobby ,
         n.  part of the sea where fish are caught commercially
         n. catching fish as a job, sport, or hobby
      n. person whose job it is to sell fish in a shop
         adj.  capable of undergoing nuclear fission
         n.  splitting of the nucleus of an atom with the release of a large amount of energy
         n. long deep crack in rock or in the earth
            n.  hand when closed tightly with the fingers bent into the palm
             adj. ~ for sb/sth; ~ to do sth suitable or suited for sb/sth; well adapted for sb/sth; good enough for sb/sth
          adj. occurring in short periods, not regularly and steadily
         n.  condition of being physically fit
         adj. suitable for the occasion; right or proper
            pron, det 5; one more than four 5
             v.  fasten firmly to sth
          stare at
           adj.  already arranged and decided; not changing; set
         n.  thing, such as a bath, water tank or toilet, that is fixed in a building and is not removed when the owner moves house
          v.  make a weak fizzing sound
     voverwhelm(sb) with shocked amazement
          adj. (derog )  soft and loose; not strong or firm
         adj. soft and weak; loose and limp; not firm ;
            n.  piece of cloth with a particular design, that can be attached by one edge to a rope, pole, etc and used as a symbol of a country, party, etc or as a signal
      v. whip (sb or oneself), as a religious penance or for sexual gratification
       (Biology)  a long whiplike outgrowth from a cell that acts as an organ of locomotion: occurs in some protozoans, gametes, spores, etc.
        adj. languid,weak
          adj. -gier, -giest)
        adj. particularly bad, shocking and obvious
        n.  ship which has the commander of a fleet on board
           n. tool consisting of a stick swinging from a long handle, used esp formerly to separate grain from chaff ,
           n.  ~ for sth natural ability to do sth well
            n.  guns shooting at enemy aircraft; fire from those guns
           n. small thin layer or piece, esp one that has broken off a surface or object; small loose bit
     extravagant elaborateness
      adj.  showy, very confident and extravagant
           n.  hot glowing portion of burning gas that comes from something on fire
    [ flammable: ] adj. liable to catch fire; readily combustible; inflammable
       adj. easily set on fire; that can burn easily
          n. raised outside edge, eg of a railway wheel, to hold it in place
           n.  fleshy part of the side of an animal or person between the ribs and the hip
         n.  type of soft loosely woven woollen cloth
            n.  ~flat piece of material that covers an opening or hangs down
           v.  burn brightly but briefly or unsteadily
         [ flare: ] to burn or cause to burn with an unsteady or sudden bright flame
           n.  sudden bright burst of light or flame
        adv: flashily dressed
          adj. attractive but usu not in good taste; showy
           n.  bottle with a narrow neck, esp one used in scientific laboratories for mixing or storing chemicals
            n. (also esp US apartment) set of rooms (living-room, bedroom, kitchen, etc) for living in, usu on one floor of a building
         n. railway carriage without a roof or raised sides, used for carrying freight ,
        n.
         v.  ~ (out) become or make (sth) flat
         v.  praise too much or insincerely, esp in order to gain favour for oneself
       n. person who flatters
      adj. that flatters a person
        n. insincere praise
      n.  gas in the stomach or digestive tract
          v. show (sth considered valuable) in order to gain the admiration of other people
          [ flavour: ] taste perceived in food or liquid in the mouth
         n.  taste and smell, esp of food
      n. thing added to food to give it flavour
            n.  crack or fault (in an object or in material); imperfection
          [ flaw: ] an imperfection, defect, or blemish
        adj. perfect
            n.  plant grown for its fibre and seeds
            v.  remove the skin from (a dead animal)
           n. ~  very small patch or spot of a colour
            pt, pp of flee
          to acquire the feathers necessary for flight or independent activity
         adj. having fully developed wing feathers for flying; able to fly
       inexperienced
            v.  ~ (from sb/sth) run or hurry away; escape (esp from danger, threat, etc)
          n.  woolly hair of a sheep or similar animal
           n.  group of warships, submarines, etc under one commander
        adj. passing quickly; lasting only a short time
           n.  soft substance between the skin and bones of animal bodies, consisting of muscle and fat
            pt of fly
            n. (US cord) (length of) flexible insulated wire used for carrying an electric current to an appliance
     easily bent without braking
        adj.  that can bend easily without breaking
           n.  quick light blow, eg with a whip or the tip of a finger
         v.  (of a light or flame) burn or shine unsteadily
          n.  action or process of flying through the air; ability to fly
      adj. not able to fly
         adj. (esp of a woman or her behaviour) changeable and unreliable; not serious
          adj.  (of cloth or material) light and thin
          v.  move or draw back suddenly, from shock, fear or pain
           v.  throw (sth) violently, angrily or hurriedly
           n.  very hard grey stone that can produce sparks when struck against steel
          adj.  made of flint; very hard, like flint ;
            v.  toss (sth) with a sharp movement of the thumb and forefinger so that it turns over in the air
       n. being flippant
        adj. not showing sufficient respect or seriousness
           v. ~  behave (towards sb) in a romantic or suggestive way but without serious intentions
      n.  flirting
     adj. fond of flirting
            v.  fly or move lightly and quickly from one place to another
           v.  stay on or at the surface of a liquid and not sink; be held up in air or gas
           n.  ~ group of sheep, goats or birds of the same kind, either kept together or feeding and travelling together
            n. sheet of floating ice, usu on the sea
           v.  (cause a place that is usu dry to) be filled or overflow with water; inundate
       n.  gate that can be opened or closed to control the flow of water
           n.  surface of a room on which one stands, walks, etc
            v.  move or fall clumsily, helplessly or loosely
          adj. tending to flop; soft and flexible; falling loosely
           n. all the plants of a particular area or period of time
          adj. made of flowers
     the process, state, or period of flowering
          adj.  elaborate and ornate; excessively decorated or colourful
      ruddiness/heavily decorated/ornateness
         n. person who has a shop that sells flowers
        n. fleet of boats or small ships
         n.  parts of a wrecked ship or its cargo found floating in the sea
        v.  move or struggle helplessly or clumsily; move with difficulty, as through mud or deep snow
           n. fine powder obtained by grinding grain, esp wheat or rye, and used for making bread, cakes, etc
        v.  be successful, very active, or widespread; prosper
          adj. of or like flour; covered with flour
           v. disobey openly and scornfully
        [ flout: ] to show contempt (for); scoff or jeer (at)
            v.  (of a liquid) move freely and continuously
          n.  part of a plant from which the seed or fruit develops, often brightly coloured and lasting only a short time
        adj. decorated with patterns of flowers
      adj. not having or not producing flowers
         adj.  covered with or having a lot of flowers
         [ flow: ] (of liquids) to move or be conveyed as in a stream
           pp of fly2
             n. = influenza
       v. ~  (of a price, number, rate, etc) rise and fall; change irregularly
     [ fluctuate: ] to change or cause to change position constantly; be or make unstable; waver or vary
     n. ~ (of/in sth)
            n. channel, pipe, etc through which smoke, fumes or hot air pass from a boiler or oven, usu to a chimney
         n. quality or condition of being fluent
          adj.  able to speak or write a language or perform an action smoothly, accurately and with ease
      n.
          adj.  like fluff; covered with fluff
           adj.  able to flow freely, as gases and liquids do; not solid or rigid
        n. quality or state of being fluid
           n. (infml ) thing that is accidentally successful; lucky stroke in a game
        a bland custard or pudding especially of oatmeal ; meaningless ceremonies and flattery
         v. bewilder, confuse or disconcert (sb)
           pt, pp of fling
           v.  fail (an examination, academic course, etc)
     adj.  of, having or showing fluorescence
        n. element, a pale yellow gas that is both poisonous and corrosive .
           n.  flow of blood to the face that causes a red colouring; blush
         v. make nervous and confused
       [ fluster: ] to make or become confused, nervous, or upset
           n. wind instrument in the form of a pipe, with holes stopped by fingers or keys and a mouth-hole at the side
          (esp. of the shaft of a column) having flutes
         v.  (of the wings of birds, butterflies, etc) move lightly and quickly
         adj. of or found in rivers
            n.  continuous change or succession of changes; unsettled state
             n.  type of insect with two wings, esp the house-fly
        the small speck of the excrement of a fly
            n.  mass of small, usu white, air bubbles formed in or on a liquid
           n. =>Usage at data data.  point at which rays (of light, sound, etc) meet or from which they appear to come  ,
       [ focus: ] a point of convergence of light or other electromagnetic radiation, particles, sound waves, etc., or a point from which they appear to diverge
         [ focus: ] a point of convergence of light or other electromagnetic radiation, particles, sound waves, etc., or a point from which they appear to diverge
          n. dried food, hay, etc forhorses and farm animals ,
             n.  thick cloud of tiny drops of water close to or just above land or sea; thick mist
           adj.  not clear because of fog; very misty
         a mechanical instrument sounded at intervals to serve as a warning to vessels in fog
          n. small, usu harmless, peculiarity or weakness in a person's character
            n.  metal rolled or hammered into a very thin flexible sheet
           v. foist sth on sb force sb into accepting sth not wanted
            v.  ~ sth (up) bend or turn sth so that one part of it lies on another; close or flatten sth by pressing two parts of it together
          n. cover for holding loose papers, etc, made of stiff material, esp cardboard, folded together
         [ fold: ] to bend or be bent double so that one part covers another
         n. leaves of a tree or plant; leaves with their stems and branches
           n.  large sheet of paper folded once, making two leaves or four pages of a book
            n.  people in general
        n. traditions, stories, customs, etc of a community
      n. person who studies folklore, esp as an academic subject
          v. ~ sth (by/with sth) (cause sth to) come, go or take place after (sb/sth else) (in space, time or order)
        n. person who follows; supporter of a particular person, cause or belief
       adj.  next in time
           n.  ~ foolishness; lack of wisdom
          v.  arouse or increase
     n.  act of fomenting
            adj.  kind and loving; affectionate
          v. touch or stroke gently and lovingly; caress
        n. ~ liking and affection
            n.  any substance that people or animals eat or drink or plants take in to maintain life and growth
       n. any substance used as food
            n.  person who acts unwisely; person lacking in good sense or judgement; idiot
         n. foolish behaviour
       adj. foolishly bold or rash; reckless
         adj.  (of people) lacking good sense or judgement; silly
     n.
       adj.  not capable of going wrong or of being misunderstood; very plain and simple
        n. large size of writing or printing paper, about 330 200 mm 330 200400mm
            n. lowest part of the leg, below the ankle, on which a person or animal stands
        n. large round or oval inflated ball, usu of leather
        n.  place where one's foot can be supported securely when climbing
          v. ~ (infml ) spend time aimlessly; do nothing in particular
      n. row of lights along the front of the stage in a theatre .
        adj. unimportant; trivial
       adj. footloose and fancy-free without personal responsibilities or commitments; free to act as one pleases ;
        n. additional piece of information at the bottom of a page in a book .
        n. = path 1
       n. impression of a human or an animal foot on a surface; mark left by a foot
        n.  (usu pl ) sound or mark of a step taken when walking
             n. man who is too concerned with his clothes and appearance; dandy
         Dandyism.
         adj. of or like a fop
             prep  (indicating the person intended to receive or benefit from sth )
          n.  food for horses and cattle
         [ forage: ] food for horses or cattle, esp. hay or straw
           n.  sudden attack, esp to obtain sth; raid
         pt of forbid
         v. ~ (from sth/doing sth) (fml ) refrain from doing or saying sth in a patient or self-controlled way
     n. patient self-control; tolerance
      [ forbear: ] to cease or refrain (from doing something)
        To refrain from; resist
          v.  order (sb) not to do sth
       not permitted by order or law
      adj. looking unfriendly; stern; threatening
         pt of forbear1
        pp of forbear1
           Besides.
           n.  physical strength or power
        adj. strong and assertive
    n.
         n. pincers or tongs used by dentists, surgeons, etc for gripping things
        adj.  done by or involving the use of physical force
            n. shallow place in a river where one can walk or drive across
        adj. that can be forded
            adj.  situated in the front part of a vehicle
        n. person from whom one is descended; ancestor ;
       n. person from whom one is descended;ancestor
        v. be a sign or a warning of (esp trouble)
      n. ~ strong feeling that danger or trouble is coming
        v. tell in advance (what is expected to happen); predict with the help of information
      n. part of the front of certain ships where the crew live and sleep
       v. ~ (of a bank, etc that has lent money for a mortgage) take possession of the property of (sb), usu because repayments have not been made
     n. foreclosing a mortgage
       n.  large open area or courtyard in front of a building, esp the front of a filling station where petrol is sold
      n. person from whom one is descended; ancestor, esp a male
      n. finger next to the thumb; index finger .
       n. the ~ the most forward or important position or place
          To deny oneself the pleasure or profit of.
       adj. preceding; just mentioned
        adj. a ,foregone conclusion result that can be predicted with certainty
      n. the foregroundfront part of a view, scene, picture, etc; part nearest the observer
        n. part of the face above the eyebrows and below the hair .
         adj.  of, in or from a country or an area other than one's own
       n.  person from a country other than one's own
     [ foreign: ] of, involving, located in, or coming from another country, area, people, etc.
       To judge of before hearing evidence.
        to know in advance
   n. knowledge of sth before it happens or exists
         n.  experienced worker who supervises and directs other workers
        adj.  most famous or important; best or chief
        adj. of, related to or used in law
      in theology ; foreordain or determine beforehand
        The extreme forward part of a ship's hold, under the lowest deck.
         To go before as introducing or ushering in.
      n. person or thing that prepares the way for the coming of sb or sth else more important; sign of what is to follow
        n. main sail on the front mast of a ship
         v. see or know that sth is going to happen in the future; predict
     [ foresee: ] to see or know beforehand
      v. be a sign or warning of
       n. part of the shore between the limits of high and low tides, or between the sea and land that is cultivated or built on
       n. ability to see what one's future needs are likely to be; careful planning
          n.  trees, bushes, etc
       v. act before so as to prevent him from doing sth
        adj. covered in forest
        n. science and practice of planting, caring for, and managing forests
       n. ~ small experience of sth before it actually happens; sample
        v. (fml) tell (what will happen in the future); predict
     n. careful thought or planning for the future
        pt, pp of foretell
         adv.  for all time; always
        n. short introduction to a book, printed at the beginning and usu written by a person other than the author ,
         v. lose or give up (sth) as a consequence of or punishment for having done sth wrong, or in order to achieve sth
      n. ~ (act of) forfeiting sth
         To ward off.
         pt of forgive
           n.  workshop with a fire and an anvil where metals are heated and shaped, esp one used by a smith for making horseshoes
          n. person who forges money, a document, etc
         n.  forging (forge
          v.  ~ about sth (not used in the continuous tenses ) fail to remember or recall (sth); lose the memory of (sth)
       adj.  in the habit of forgetting; likely to forget
   n.
      adj. that can be forgiven
         v.  ~ sth; ~ sb (for sth/doing sth) stop being angry or bitter towards sb or about sth; stop blaming or wanting to punish sb
           v. give up or do without (esp sth pleasant)
          pt of forget
       pp of forget
            n.  small implement with a handle and two or more points or prongs, used for lifting food to the mouth or holding things firmly while they are cut
         adj.  lonely and unhappy; uncared for
            n.  outward physical appearance of sb/sth; shape
          adj.  following accepted rules of behaviour; showing or expecting careful, serious behaviour, as eg on official occasions or in distant, not close, relationships
       n.  careful observance of rules, conventions, etc of language or behaviour
       to be or make formal
        adv: The new rates of pay have not been formally agreed
          n.  shape, size, binding, etc of a book
       n.  organizing and developing
       adj. having an important and lasting influence on the development of sb's character
          adj.  of an earlier period or time
        adv. in earlier times; previously
      adj.  causing fear or great anxiety; frightening; awesome
         n. (chemistry ) set of symbols showing the elements that a substance is made of
       adj. made up of set patterns of words
       v.  create in a precise form
     n. action of formulating
       v. (of people not married to each other) have sexual intercourse
         v.  (fml ) give (sth) up; renounce
        the past participle of: forsake
        v. (promise to) give up (sth); renounce
            n.  buildingspecially made or strengthened for the military defence of an area
           n. thing that sb does particularly well; strong point
           adv. part  out from home, etc
     adj.  about to happen or appear in the near future
      adj. clear and honest in manner and speech; straightforward
        => forty
   n.  fortifying; strengthening
         v.  ~ sth (against sth) strengthen (a place) against attack, by building walls, etc
       n. courage, endurance and self-control in facing pain, danger or difficulty
       n. (esp Brit)  (period of) two weeks
        n. castle or large fort; town strengthened against attack
      adj. happening by chance or coincidence
       having good luck; lucky
     [ fortunate: ] having good luck; lucky
         n.  chance, esp regarded as a power affecting people's lives
  n. person who tells people's fortunes
           pron, det, n 40; one more than thirty-nine 40.
           n.  place where important public issues can be discussed
         adj.  directed or moving towards the front
     n. state of being forward1
         pt of forgo
           a ditch dug as a fortification and usually filled with water
          n.  remains of a prehistoric animal or plant preserved by being buried in earth and now hardened like rock
       to convert or be converted into a fossil
          v.  help the growth or development of (sth); encourage or promote
          pt, pp of fight
            adj.  having a bad smell or taste; dirty and disgusting
          [ foul: ] offensive to the senses; revolting
           pt, pp of find
      n.  act of founding
         [ find: ] to meet with or discover by chance
         n. person who founds or establishes sth
         n. place where metal or glass is melted and moulded into articles of particular shapes
        n.  jet of water, esp one forced up into the air artificially as an ornament
            pron, det  4; one more than three 4.
     n. (esp formerly) large bed with a tall post at each of the four corners to support curtains
        n.  four people joining together to play a game, esp golf
        pron, det 14; one more than thirteen 14.
      pron, det 14th; next after thirteenth 14. n one of fourteen equal parts of sth . For the uses of fourteen and fourteenth see the examples at five and fifth. fourteenfourteenthfivefifth
          pron, det 4th; next after third 4,
            n.  domestic cock or hen
             n.  (fem  vixen ) wild animal of the dog family, with reddish brown fur, a pointed face and a bushy tail
           n. entrance hall or large open space in a theatre, hotel, etc where people can meet or wait
          n.  (usu sing)noisy quarrel, fight, or disturbanc
        n.  small part, bit, amount, or proportion
      adj.  of or in fractions
       adj. irritable; bad-tempered
        n. instance of breaking (esp a bone)
         adj.  easily damaged or broken; delicate
       n.
        n.  small part or piece broken off
     adj. made up of small incomplete or unconnected parts
   n. fragmentation bomb bomb designed to break up into many small pieces
       n. pleasant or sweet smell; scent or perfume
        adj. having a pleasant or sweet smell
           adj.  physically weak or delicate
         n.  physical weakness
           n.  border of wood, metal, etc in which a picture, door, pane of glass, etc is enclosed or set
        n. situation in which false evidence is produced against an innocent person so that he appears guilty
       n.  structure giving shape and support
         a frame, framework, or system of frames
          a republic in W Europe, between the English Channel, the Mediterranean, and the Atlantic: the largest country wholly in Europe; became a republic in 1793 after the French Revolution and an empire in 1804 under Napoleon
       n.  right to vote at public elections
           adj. ~ (with sb) (about sth) showing thoughts and feelings openly; honest and direct in speech; plain and blunt
    n. type of sweet-smelling gum from a tree, burnt as incense ,
       n.
         adj.  in an extreme state of emotion, esp fear or anxiety
     adv: shouting frantically for help
       adj. of a brother or brothers; brotherly or friendly
      n.  brotherly feeling; brotherhood
           n.  deceiving sb illegally in order to make money or obtain goods
     Deceitfulness.
      adj.  deceitful or dishonest
         adj.  ~ with sth filled with sth; charged with sth
            n. the fray fight, contest or argument; lively or challenging action
           n.  person considered abnormal because of his behaviour, appearance, ideas, etc
         n. one of the small light-brown spots on the human skin
            adj. (of a person) not a slave or prisoner; allowed to move where one wants; having physical freedom
      buccaneer
         n.  condition of being free; state of not being a prisoner or slave
      a person who pursues a profession without a long-term commitment to any one employer
          adv.  without any obstruction; in an unrestricted or uncontrolled manner
       n. member of an international secret society with the aims of offering mutual help and developing friendly relations among its members
     One who rejects authority or inspiration in religion.
         n. = motorway (motor).
       to move, live, or play freely or irresponsibly
          v.  (esp of water) change or be changed from liquid to solid by extreme cold
         n. goods transported by ships, aeroplanes, or trains
          n.  the French the people who live in France
       n. man of French birth or nationality
        adj. very excited; frenzied; frantic
        adj. wildly excited or agitated; frantic
          n. state of extreme excitement; extreme and wild activity or behaviour
       n.  rate of occurrence or repetition of sth, usu measured over a particular period of time
        adj. happening often; habitual
      adv. often
          n. picture painted in water-colour on a wall or ceiling before the plaster is dry
           adj.  new or different
         v.  ~ sth make sth fresh
       n. thing that freshens sth
      adj. from, of, living in or containing fresh water
            v.  ~ (about/at/over sth) (cause sb to) become unhappy, bad-tempered, or anxious about sth; worry
         adj. irritable or complaining, esp because unhappy or worried
        n. ornamental work in a decorative pattern, esp wood cut into patterns with a fretsaw
         adj. easily broken up or crumbled
        n.  rubbing of one surface or thing against another
          n. the sixth day of the week, next after Thursday
          n. refrigerator
          n.  person one knows and likes, but who is not a relation
      adj. without any friends
    n.
        adj.  behaving in a kind and pleasant way; acting like a friend
      n. feeling or relationship between friends; state of being friends
          n. band of sculpture or decoration round the top of a wall or building
            v. (phr v) frig about/around (<!> infml , ) waste time; mess about
         n. small fast naval escort-vessel
          n.  feeling of sudden unpleasant fear
        v.  fill with fear; make afraid; scare
      adj. in a state of fear; afraid; scared
     adj. causing fear; alarming
   adv: The film was frighteningly realistic
       adj.  very unpleasant; dreadful
     adv. very; awfully
          adj.  very cold
       a lack of passion or enthusiasm
          n.  (US bang) front hair cut so that it hangs over the forehead
        n.  unnecessary showy ornamentation, esp in clothing
           v.  pass one's hands over (sb) in a search for hidden weapons, drugs, etc
          adj. lively and energetic, wanting to enjoy oneself
         v. fritter sth away (on sth) waste (esp one's time or money) foolishly (on small useless things)
       n.  frivolous behaviour
       adj.  not sensible or serious; foolish and light-hearted
   [ frivolous: ] not serious or sensible in content, attitude, or behaviour; silly
           v. form into small tight curls
         v. ~ (up) twist (hair) into small tight curls
             adv. to and fro
           n.  dress worn by women or girls
            n.  type of small cold-blooded smooth-skinned animal that lives in water or on land and has very long back legs for jumping, and no tail
          v. ~ (about) play about in a lively happy way
      adj. merry; playful
            prep  (indicating the place or direction from which sb/sth starts )
the outset  prep. from the beginning
           n. leaf-like part of a fern or palm
           n.  most important part or side of sth; part or side that faces forward; most forward part of sth
        n.  ~ (between sth and sth); ~ (with sth) border between two countries
           n.  weather condition in which the temperature falls below freezing-point, usu accompanied by the formation of frost(2)
          adj.  full of or covered with froth
           v. 1~ bring the eyebrows together, so wrinkling the skin on one's forehead (to express anger, thought, worry, etc)
          [ frowzy: ] untidy or unkempt in appearance; shabby
          adj.  untidy or unclean in appearance; shabby ;
           pt of freeze
          pp of freeze
        v. (fml ) (cause sth to) bear fruit or be fruitful
          adj. careful and thrifty, esp with money and food
       thrift
           n.  fleshy seed-bearing part of a plant used as food; quantity of these
        adj.  having many good results; productive or profitable; successful
        n. fulfilment of hopes, plans, etc; getting what one wants or has worked for
       adj. producing little or no result; unsuccessful
           n. person (usu a woman) who wears dull old-fashioned clothes
       v.  prevent (sb) from doing or achieving sth
     n.  being frustrated
             v.  cook (sth) or be cooked in boiling fat or oil
          v. confuse (sb/sth), esp with alcoholic drink
            n.  material burned to produce heat or power, eg wood, coal, oil, etc
       Fleeting.
        n. ~ person who is running away or escaping
         n. point on which a lever is supported
          v.  perform (sth) or bring (sth) to completion
         [ fulfil: ] to bring about the completion or achievement of (a desire, promise, etc.)
     [ fulfil: ] to bring about the completion or achievement of (a desire, promise, etc.)
      n. fulfilling or being fulfilled
            adj.  ~ (of sth/sb) holding or containing as much or as many as possible; completely filled
      adj. fully developed; quite open
     adj. rich in quality, tone, etc
    (of persons e.g.) having gained full status
     adj. (of a picture, mirror, etc) showing the whole (human) figure
        n.  completeness; being full;
       adj. for or during the whole of the working day or week
           adv.  completely; entirely
       v. ~ protest strongly and loudly
     n. fulminating
         adj. excessive and insincere
     n.
          v.  touch or handle awkwardly or nervously
            n. smoke, gas or vapour that smells strongly
           [ fume: ] to be overcome with anger or fury; rage
        v. destroy infectious germs, insects, etc in with the fumes ofcertain chemicals
             n.  enjoyment; pleasure
        n.  special activity or purpose of a person or thing
      adj.  of or having a functionor functions
     n. person with official duties
            n.  sum of money saved or made available for a particular purpose
     adj.  of or forming the basis or foundation of sth; essential
   adv. basically
           money that is readily available
         n.  ceremony of burying or burning dead people
        adj. suitable for a funeral; gloomy; dismal
           any of a major group (Fungi) of saprophytic and parasitic spore-producing organisms usually classified as plants that lack chlorophyll and include molds, rusts, mildews, smuts, mushrooms, and yeasts
        That may be measured, counted, or weighed.
       n. substance that kills fungus
         adj. of, like or caused by fungus
          n.  any of varioustypes of plant without leaves, flowers or green colouring-matter, growing on other plants or decaying matter
            n.  (also blue funk) (state of) fear or anxiety
          n.  tube or pipe that is wide at the top and narrow at the bottom, used for pouring liquids, powders, etc into a small opening
         adv. in a strange or odd way ;  (expressing surprise at a coincidence, etc )
           adj.  causing amusement, laughter, etc
             n.  soft thick hair covering the bodies of certain animals
         v. ~ sth polish, clean or renovate (esp sth that has not been used for a long time)
         adj.  ~ (at sth) full of violent anger
         n. distance of
        n. absence from duty, esp that granted to civil servants, soldiers, etc working abroad
         n.  enclosed fireplace for heating the water used to warm a building by means of pipes
         v.  ~ sth provide sth with furniture; put furniture in (a place)
       n. movable articles, eg tables, chairs, beds, etc put into a house or an office to make it suitable for living or working in .
           A general commotion; public disorder or uproar.
         n. person who prepares or sells fur or fur clothing
          n.  long narrow trench cut in the earth, esp by a plough
         adj.  more distant in space, direction or time; farther
     n. advancement of sb's interests, a cause, etc
     adv. in addition; moreover ;
        adj. adv = farthest
         adj. done secretly and quietly so as not to be noticed
       adv.
     n.
            n.  wild and violent anger
            n.  piece of easily burnt material along which a spark moves to ignite a firework, bomb, etc so that it explodes
         adj. that can be melted or joined together
       n.  continuous or simultaneous shooting of guns
          n.  the blending or uniting of different things into one, by melting, etc
            n.  (esp unnecessary) nervous excitement or activity
           adj. (usu derog )  nervously active or excited about small things
         n.  thick strong coarse cotton cloth
           adj. (derog )  smelling old, stale or damp
          adj. producing no result; useless; pointless
        n. uselessness; pointlessness
          the time yet to come
        n, adj of futurism
           adj.  like fuzz; having a soft and fluffy texture
             n.  continuous, esp trivial, chatter
          v. ~ (on/away) talk quickly and indistinctly
          n.  fly that stings horses and cattle
          n. small mechanical device or tool
        n. gadgets collectively
         [ gadget: ] a small mechanical device or appliance
            n. stick with an iron hook for pulling large fish out of the water
           n. social blunder; indiscreet act or remark
          n.  flock
          n. merriment; cheerfulness; being gay
           Merrily.
            n.  increase in wealth; profit; advantage
         v. (arch ) (usu in negative sentences or questions ) contradict (sb/sth); deny (sth)
            n. manner of walking or running
        adj. of a galaxy or the Galaxy
          n.  any of the large systems of stars in outer space
            n.  very strong wind storm (at sea) 8
            n.  bitter liquid secreted by the liver; bile
         adj.  brave
       n.  bravery
         n. large Spanish sailing-ship used from the 15th to the 17th century 1517
         n.  room or building for showing works of art
          n.  long flat ship, usu rowed by slaves or criminals; ancient Greek or Roman warship ;
          n. measure for liquids; four quarts , 44.5.
          n.  fastest pace (of a horse, etc) with all four feet off the ground at each stride
         n. wooden framework on which criminals are put to death by hanging
          adv. (following ns ) in plenty
        adj.  producing an electric current by chemical action
       Current electricity, especially that arising from chemical action.
       to stimulate or excite as if by an electric shock
          n.  opening movein chess in which a player sacrifices a piece in order to win an advantage later
          v.  play games of chance, etc for money
         n. person who gambles
        n. playing games, etc for money
          v. (US also -l-) jump or skip about playfully
            n.  form of play or sport with rules
          adv: fight, struggle, etc gamely, ie bravely but perhaps unsuccessfully  ,
        A gambler.
           n.  the gamut complete range or scale
          n.  male goose
            n.  organized group of criminals
        adj. tall, thin and awkward-looking
          [ gangling: ] gangly
        n. decay and death of body tissue when the blood supply has been stopped
        n. member of a gang of armed criminals
         n.  movable bridge for entering or leaving a ship
            n. prison
          n. person in charge of a gaol and the prisoners in it
             n. ~  opening or break in sth or between two things
            v.  ~ (often derog ) stare with an open mouth, usu in surprise
          n.  building in which to keep one or more cars, vans, etc
            n. clothing (esp as worn by a particular type of person)
         n.  waste material, esp domestic refuse
          to so alter or distort as to create a wrong impression or change the meaning
         adj. confusedor misleading
          n.  private ground used for growing flowers, fruit, vegetables, etc, typically with a lawn or other open space for recreation
        n. person who works in a garden, either for pay or as a hobby
        n.  tree or shrub with large white or yellow flowers, usu sweet-smelling
       n. cultivating of gardens
      adj. enormous; gigantic
        n. stone or metal spout in the form of a grotesque human or animal figure, for carrying rain-water away from the roof of a church, etc
          adj. unpleasantly bright; over-coloured or over-decorated, esp in a vulgar way
      n.
         n. circle of flowers, leaves or ribbons, worn or hung as a decoration
         n.  article of clothing
          v. ~ sth ~ sth (in/up) (fml ) collect sth in and (usu) store it
         v. ~ sth decorate (food for the table) with small additional amounts of food
     the act of garnishing
          n. room on the top floor of a house (esp in the roof)
        n. troops stationed in a town or fort
         To execute by strangling.
       garrulousness ns talkativeness
       adj. talking too much, esp about unimportant things
   [ garrulous: ] given to constant and frivolous chatter; loquacious; talkative
             n.  air-like substance (ie not a solid or liquid)
         adj. like, containing or being gas
            n. ~ long deep cut or wound
    conversion into gas;  especially:conversion of coal into natural gas
        n. = petrol
            v.  ~ ~ (for sth) take one or more quick deep breaths with open mouth, because of surprise or exhaustion
         adj. of the stomach
       n. inflammation of the stomach
     adj. of gastronomy
      n. art and science of choosing, cooking and eating good food
            n.  movable barrier, usu on hinges, which closes an opening in a wall, fence or hedge
         n.  way in and out that can be closed by a gate or gates
          v.  ~ round (sb/sth); ~ sb/sth round (sb/sth) come or bring sb/sth together in one place
       n. meeting or coming together of people
          adj.  socially awkward or clumsy
      n. gauche behaviour
       socially awkward, tactless bahaviour
           adj. (derog ) too bright and showy, esp in a vulgar way
           n.  standard measure, esp of width or thickness
           adj.  made exceptionally thin by hunger or illness; haggard
        n.  metal glove forming part of a suit of armour, worn by soldiers in the Middle Ages
           n.  thin, often transparent, fabric of cotton, silk, etc
           adj. of or like gauze
            pt of give
           n. small hammer used by an auctioneer or chairman as a signal for order or attention
            v. ~ (infml ) stare impolitely or stupidly; gawp
             adj.  homosexual
            v. look long and steadily (at sb/sth), usu in surprise or admiration
           [ gaze: ] to look long and fixedly, esp. in wonder or admiration
         n.  official journal with public notices and lists of government, military, legal and university appointments
       n. index of geographical names
            n.  equipment, clothing, etc needed for an expedition, a sport, etc
           pl of goose
             n. semi-solid jelly-like substance
             n.  precious stone or jewel, esp when cut and polished
        n. precious or semi-precious stone, esp before cutting into shape
        n. member of a military force employed on police duties, esp in France and French-speaking countries
          n.  (in certain languages) classification of a noun or pronoun as masculine or feminine
            n. unit in a chromosome which controls heredity
    adj. concerned with tracing family descent
     n. student of or expert in genealogy
       n.  study of family history, showing who the ancestors of particular people were and how they were related to each other
          pl of genus
         adj.  affecting all or most people, places or things
      n.  general statement, esp one that is vague or indefinite
  a principle, theory, etc., with general application
      To draw general inferences.
       adv.  by most people; widely
        v. cause to exist or occur; produce
      n.  production
       n.  (US dynamo) machine for producing electrical energy
         adj. shared by or including a whole group or class; not specific
      n.  quality of being generous
        adj.  giving or ready to give freely
           [ gene: ] a unit of heredity composed of DNA occupying a fixed position on a chromosome. A gene may determine a characteristic of an individual by specifying a polypeptide chain that forms a protein or part of a protein (structural gene)
         n. (fml) beginning; starting-point; origin
         adj. of genes; of genetics
     adv: genetically determined, linked, etc
      n. specialist in genetics
        n. scientific study of the ways in which characteristics are passed from parents to their offspring
          adj.  kindly; pleasant; sociable
       n.  quality of being genial
         adj. of animal reproduction or reproductive organs
        n. special form of a noun, a pronoun or an adjective used (in certain inflected languages) to indicate or describe esp possession ,
          n.  exceptionally great mental or creative ability
        n. deliberate extermination of a nation or race of people
          the complement of haploid chromosomes contained in a single gamete or nucleus
           n. particular style or kind, esp of works of art or literature grouped according to their form or subject matter
         adj.  polite or refined in an affected or exaggerated way
         n, adj not Jewish
       n. genteel manners and behaviour; social superiority
          adj.  mild; kind; careful; not rough, violent or severe
       n.  (approv or ironic ) man who is polite and shows consideration for the feelings of other people; man who always acts in an honourable way
     adj. of or like a gentleman(1)
      n.
          adv.  in a gentlemanner
          n. people of good social position next below the nobility
       v. bend the knee, esp in worship ,
         adj.  real; truly what it is said to be; not fake or artificial
       adv: genuinely sorry
     n.
           n.  (biology ) group of animals or plants within a family(4), often itself subdivided into several species(1)
    adj. of or relating to geography
       n.  scientific study of the earth's surface, physical features, divisions, climate, products, population, etc
        [ geology: ] the scientific study of the origin, history, structure, and composition of the earth
       n. student of or expert in geology
         n. scientific study of the earth's crust, rocks, strata, etc and of the history of its development
       adj. of geometry; of or like the lines, figures, etc used in geometry
     [ geometric: ] of, relating to, or following the methods and principles of geometry
   adv. geometric progressionordered set of numbers in which each is multiplied or divided by a fixed number to produce the next, as 1, 3, 9
    [ geometer: ] geometrician
        n. branch of mathematics dealing with the properties and relations of lines, angles, surfaces and solids
       adj. of or relating to geriatrics
      n. branch of medicine dealing with the diseases and care of old people
            n.  portion of a living organism capable of becoming a new organism; embryo of a seed ;
          adj. of Germany, its culture, its language or its people
         adj. ~ (fml ) relevant
         a country in central Europe: in the Middle Ages the centre of the Holy Roman Empire
       n. substance used for killing germs
        adj. in the earliest stage of development
       v. start growing
     n. germinating; sprouting
    government ruled by old people
     n. scientific study of old age and the process of growing old
     v. arrange the boundaries of or divide (an area) for voting in order to give unfair advantages to one party in an election
         evolve; as in pre-natal growth
       n.  carrying or being carried in the womb between conception and birth
     v. move the hands or arms instead of speaking or to emphasize one's words
   n.  gesticulating
         n.  expressive movement of a part of the body, esp the hand or head
             v.
on           (also get along) (esp followed by an adv or used in questions after how how) perform or fare in a particular situation; make progress
up           stand after sitting, kneeling, etc; rise
          n.   column of hot water or steam sent up from the ground at intervals, caused by the heating of water deep in the Earth
         adj.  causing horror or fear
           n.  spirit of a dead person appearing to sb who is still living
     [ ghostwrite: ] verb (-writes, -writing, -wrote, -written)
           n.  person of human shape but enormous size and strength (often cruel and stupid)
          v. ~ (about sth/at sb) (of a monkey or a frightened person) talk quickly or make meaningless sounds
       n. meaningless sounds; unintelligible talk; nonsense
          n.  gallows
            v.  ~ (at sb/sth) jeer at or mock sb/sth; make fun of sb/sth
         adv: stagger giddily round the room
       n. giddy feeling
           adj.  having the feeling that everything is turning round and that one is going to fall
            n.  thing given willingly without payment; present
          adj.  ~ having a great deal of natural ability or talent
             n.  small light two-wheeled carriage pulled by one horse
        adj. of very great size or extent; immense
    adv: gigantically successful
          v. ~ laugh lightly in a nervous or silly way
          adj.  inclined to giggle
            v.  cover with gold-leaf(3) or gold-coloured paint
          adj. wealthy and of the upper-classes
            n.  gold applied to a surface in a thin layer
        adj. worthless; flimsy; badly made
         n. unusual, amusing, etc thing whose only purpose is to attract attention, and which has little or no value or importance of its own
          n.  hot-tasting spicy root used as a flavouring
        adv. with great care and caution to avoid causing harm or making a noise
         adj. like ginger
         n. cotton or linen cloth with a striped or check pattern
          n. long strong iron or steel beam used for building bridges and the framework of large buildings
          n.  cord or belt fastened round the waist to keep clothes in position
            n.  female child
        n. state or time of being a girl
           n.  distance round sth of approximately cylindrical shape
            n. the gist main point or general meaning
            v.
           adj.  specified or stated
           n. one who gives
         adj.  of the Ice Age
         n. mass of ice, formed by snow on mountains, moving slowly down a valley
            adj.  ~ (about sth/to do sth/that...) pleased; delighted
         v. make glad or happy
           n. open space in a forest; clearing
       n. man trained to fight with weapons at public shows in an arena
    adj. of gladiators
        n. joy; happiness ;
          [ glamour: ] charm and allure; fascination
       adj. full of glamour
         n.  attractive or exciting quality which sb/sth has, and which seems out of reach to others
          v.  take a quick look
           n. organ that separates from the blood those substances that are to be used by or removed from the body
       adj. of, like or involving a gland or glands
           n.  strong unpleasant dazzling light
         adj.  dazzling
           n.  hard brittle, usu transparent, substance
        n. as much as a drinking-glass will hold
           v.  fit sheets or panes of glass into
         n. person who fits glass into the frames of windows, etc
           n.  brief appearance of light
           v.  gather
       [ glean: ] to gather (something) slowly and carefully in small pieces
         n. person who gleans
       n. gleaned items
            n.  ~ feeling of great delight which makes one (want to) laugh, caused by sth good experienced by oneself, or sth bad that happens to sb else
         adj. full of glee; joyous
            adj. (derog ) speaking or spoken fluently and without hesitation, but not sincerely or trustworthily
        n.
           v.  move along smoothly and continuously
          n. light aircraft that is used for gliding
         v. send out a weak unsteady light
      n. glimmer
         n.  ~ (at sth) short look
           v.  give out small, bright flashes of light
         v. ~ (esp of wet or polished surfaces) shine brightly; sparkle
      [ glisten: ] (of a wet or glossy surface) to gleam by reflecting light
          a usually minor malfunction
         v.  ~ shine brightly with little sharp flashes of light; sparkle
        n. the gloaming twilight
           v. ~ express or feel selfish delight at one's own success or good fortune or sb else's failure
          adj.  covering or affecting the whole world; world-wide
           n.  small spherical model of the earth showing the continents and usu also countries, rivers, cities, etc
         Spherical.
        adj. shaped like a globe or ball; spherical ;
           n.  near darkness
          adj.  dark or unlighted, esp in a way that is depressing or frightening
   n. glorifying or being glorified
         v.  (derog ) make (sth/sb ordinary or bad) appear better or more noble than it/he really is
        adj.  having, worthy of or bringing great fame or glory
           n.  high fame and honour won by great achievements
           n.  brightness or shine on a smooth surface
        n. list of technical or special words explaining their meanings
          adj. smooth and shiny
           n.  covering of leather, knitted wool, etc for the hand, usu with separated fingers
            v.  send out light and heat withoutflame
          v. ~ look in an angry or a threatening way
         adj. giving enthusiastic praise
         n. form of sugar found in fruit-juice, easily turned into energy by the human body
            n. thick sticky liquid used for joining things
           adj. sticky; like glue ;
            adj. (infml ) gloomy; sad
            v.  ~ sth (with sth) supply sth with much more than is needed
       adj. of or like gluten; sticky
         n.  person who eats too much
      adj. very greedy for food
        n. habit or practice of eating too much
           any knotty protuberance or swelling on a tree
         adj.  twisted and rough; covered with knobs
           v. grind (one's teeth) together as a sign of great emotion
            n. small two-winged fly that stings; small mosquito ;
            v.  ~ sth bite sth hard continually until it is worn away
         [ gnaw: ] [when intr, often foll by at or upon]  to bite (at) or chew (upon) constantly so as to wear away little by little
          n. coarse-grained rock of quartz, feldspar and mica
           dwarf; underground spirit
          adj. (of a remark, etc) mysteriously brief and obscure
              v.
            n.  pointed stick for making cattle, etc move on
          [ goad: ] a sharp pointed stick for urging on cattle, etc.
            n.  (in football, hockey, etc) pair of posts with a crossbar, between which the ball has to be kicked, hit, etc in order to score
        adj. with no goal scored
            n.  small lively horned animal with long hair
          v.  ~ sth eat sth fast, noisily and greedily (leaving nothing behind)
          n. glass, metal, etc drinking-vessel with a stem and base, but no handle  .
             n.  being or spirit that is believed to have power over nature and control over human affairs
         n.  female god, eg in Greek and Latin mythology
            n.  lively or enterprising person
          v. ~ look (at sb/sth) with wide round bulging eyes
           n.  act of leaving a place; departure
            n.  precious yellow metal used for making coins, ornaments, jewellery, etc
       to shirk duty or responsibility
          adj.  of gold or like gold in value or colour
            n. outdoor game in which the player tries to hit a small hard ball into a series of 9 or 18 holes using as few strokes as possible
          'golloper nou
           interj (used to express surprise )
            pp of go
            n.  metal disc that gives a resonant note when struck with a stick, used esp as a musical instrument or as a signal for meals
            adj.  of high quality; of an acceptable standard; satisfactory
         interj, n  (used when leaving or being left by sb )
         adj.  quite good; not the best
    adj. having or showing good nature
        n.  quality of being good; virtue; kindness
           n.  movable property
        n.  friendly, co-operative or helpful feeling
           n. web-footed water bird larger than a duck
            n. (mainly in descriptions of fighting) thickened blood from a cut or wound
           n.  narrow steep-sided valley, usu with a stream or river
        adj.  giving pleasure and satisfaction; wonderful
          n.  any of three snake-haired sisters whose looks turned to stone anyone who saw them
         n. very large powerful African ape .
      overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself
            adj.  (esp rhet ) covered with gore1
         n. young goose
          n.  the Gospel (the life and teaching of Jesus as recorded in) the first four books of the New Testament
        n.  fine silky substance of webs made by small spiders, floating in calm air or spread over grass, etc
          n.  casual talk about the affairs of other people, typically including rumour and critical comments
             pt, pp of get
          pp of get
         n. type of thick watercolour paint; method of painting pictures using this material ;
           n. tool with a sharp semicircular edge for cutting grooves in wood
           n.  type of climbing or trailing plant
        n. lover of food; glutton ;
         n. person who enjoys and is expert in the choice of fine food, wines, etc
          v.  rule control or direct the public affairs of (a city, country, etc)
      n. governing; government(1)
      n.  governing; power to govern
    adj. of or connected with government
        n.  person appointed to govern a province or state (esp a colony abroad)
            n.  woman's dress, esp a long one for special occasions
            v.  ~ sth (from sb/sth) grasp sth suddenly or roughly; snatch sth selfishly or rudely
           n.  quality of simple elegant beauty
        adj.  showing a pleasing beauty of form, movement or manner
      adv.
       adj.  without grace or elegance
        adj.  ~ (of persons and behaviour) kind, polite and generous (esp to sb who is socially inferior)
       n.  gradual change from one thing to another
           n.  step, stage or degree of rank, quality, etc; level of classification
        n. degree of slope, as on a road, railway, etc
         adj. taking place by a series of small changes over a long period; not sudden
       adv. in a gradual way; by degrees
     n.
        n.  ~ person who holds a degree (esp the first or bachelor's) from a university or polytechnic
       [ graduate: ] n.  a person who has been awarded a first degree from a university or college
      n.  graduating at a university, etc
           n.  piece cut from a living plant and fixed in a cut made in another plant, to form a new growth; process or result of doing this
           n.  small hard seeds of food plants such as wheat, rice, etc
      [ grainy: ] resembling, full of, or composed of grain; granular
          adj. having a noticeable grain(6)
         n.  rules for forming words and combining them into sentences
      n. expert in grammar
     adj. of, about or in accordance with the rules of grammar
   adv: grammatically irregular
          n. = gram
      n. = record-player (record1)
         n.  building where grain is stored
           adj.  magnificent; splendid; big; of great importance (also in names of places, buildings, etc)
   a daughter of one's son or daughte
        n.  greatness; magnificence; impressiveness
     the father of one's father or mother
  n.
   adj. using or being a pompous style of speech, full of words which ordinary people do not understand
       adj. planned on a large scale; (intended to seem) imposing
     [ grandiose: ] n. pretentiously grand or stately
         adv: live rather grandly  * gesture grandly
     the mother of one's father or mother
        n. a son of one's son or daughter'
      n. large building with rows of seats for spectators at races, sports meetings, etc
         n. hard, usu grey, stone used for building
           v.  agree to give or allow (what is asked for)
         The person to whom property is transferred by deed.
        adj.  like, containing or consisting of small hard pieces
       v. form into grains or have a granular surface or texture
         n. small hard piece; small grain
           n.  green or purple berry growing in clusters on vines, used for making wine or eaten as fruit
           n. (diagram consisting of a) line or lines (often curved) showing the variation of two quantities, eg the temperature at each hour
         adj.  of visual symbols
     adv.  by writing or diagrams
        n. soft black substance used in making lead pencils, in lubrication, and for slowing down neutrons in atomic reactors
         v. ~  seize (an opponent) firmly and try to fight
           v.  seize (sb/sth) firmly with hand(s), finger(s), teeth, etc
        adj. greedy for money, possessions, etc; avaricious
           n.  various kinds of common wild low-growing plants of which the thin green leaves and stalks are eaten by cattle, horses, sheep, etc
     n.  jumping insect that makes a shrill chirping noise
       n. land covered with grass, esp as used for grazing
          adj. covered with grass
           n. fireplace
        adj.  ~ (for sth); ~ (that...) feeling or showing appreciation for sth good done to one, for sth fortunate that happens, etc; thankful
      adv. in a thankful manner
   n.  gratifying or being gratified; state of being pleased or satisfied
         v. (fml )  give pleasure or satisfaction to (sb)
         adj. irritating
          adv. without payment; free
       n. ~ (for sth) being grateful; thankfulness
      adj. done, given or acting unnecessarily, purposely and without good reason
  n.
        n.  money given to sb who has done one a service; tip ;
           adj.  (fml ) (of situations, etc) needing careful consideration; serious
          n. small stones, as used to make the surface of roads and paths
         adv. seriously
          adj. ~ (arch ) carved
     n. force of attraction; gravity
   adj. a gravitational field
         n.  force that attracts objects in space towards each other, and on the earth pulls them towards the centre of the planet, so that things fall to the ground when dropped
            adj. n, v = grey
           v.  ~ (of cattle, sheep, etc) eat growing grass
         the vegetation on pastures that is available for livestock to feed upon
          n.  animal fat that has been softened by cooking or heating
           adj.  well above average in size, extent or quantity
         adv. much; by much
           n. ~ (derog )  excessive desire for food, esp when one is not hungry
          adj. ~ (for sth) filled with greed or desire
           adj. of Greece or its people or language
           adj.  of the colour between blue and yellow in the spectrum; of the colour of growing grass, and the leaves of most plants and trees
     n. shopkeeper selling vegetables and fruit
       n. inexperienced and easily deceived person
      n. building with sides and roof of glass, used for growing plants that need protection from the weather
        adj. somewhat green
           v.  ~ sb (with sth) give a conventional sign or word of welcome or pleasure when meeting sb or receiving a (guest)
        n.  first words used on seeing sb or in writing to sb; expression or act with which sb is greeted
      adj.  liking to be with other people
  n.
         n. small bomb thrown by hand or fired from a rifle
       n. soldier who threw grenades; (now) soldier in the Grenadiers (or Grenadier Guards), a British infantry regiment ;
            pt of grow
            adj.  of the colour between black and white; coloured like ashes, slate, lead, etc
         adj. somewhat grey
            n.  framework of crossing or parallel metal or wooden bars; grating
         n. circular iron plate heated for cooking flat cakes
        n.  framework of metal bars used for cooking meat or fish over an open fire
           n.  ~ deep or violent sorrow
       n. ~ real or imagined cause for complaint or protest (used esp with the vs shown)
          v.  cause great sorrow to (sb)
        adj.  causing grief or suffering
           n.  device on a cooker that directs heat downwards for cooking meat, toasting bread, etc
          n. protective screen of metal bars or wires
            adj.  very serious and unsmiling in appearance
         n. ugly twisted expression (on the face), expressing pain, disgust, etc or intended to cause laughter
          adv: grimly determined
           adj. covered with grime
            v.  ~ (at sb) smile broadly, so as to show the teeth, expressing amusement, foolish satisfaction, contempt, etc
           v. ~ sth (down/up) (to/into sth) crush sth to very small pieces or to powder between millstones, the teeth, etc or using an electrical or a mechanical apparatus
      n.  stone shaped like a wheel, turned on an axle, against which one holds knives or other tools to sharpen them
            v.  take and keep a firm hold of (sth/sb)
           v. feel or cause sudden sharp pain in the stomach or intestines
        adj. exciting; holding the attention
          adj. causing horror or terror; ghastly
         n. tough unappetizing tissue in meat
            n.  tiny hard bits of stone, sand, etc
           v.  ~ ~ (with sth) make a deep sad sound when in pain, or to express despair, disapproval or distress
          n. shopkeeper who sells food in packets, tins or bottles and general small household goods
       n. things sold by a grocer
         n.  grocer's trade
          adj. weak and dizzy (after illness, shock, lack of sleep, etc); unsteady
           n.  person in charge of horses
          n.  long narrow cut or depression in the surface of hard material
           v.  ~ (for/after sth) feel or search about (for sth) as one does in the dark
       adv. in the manner of sb who gropes
           n. (esp commerce ) twelve dozen
       adj.  strangely distorted so as to arouse fear or laughter; fantastic
          n. cave, esp one made artificially as a garden shelter
          v. ~ (derog ) complain
         adj. sullenly discontented
          n.  the ground solid surface of the earth
        [ grind: ] to reduce or be reduced to small particles by pounding or abrading
      adj. without foundationor good reason
           n.  number of people or things gathered, placed or acting together, or naturally associated
          n. small dark bird of northern hilly areas, shot for sport and food
           n. group of trees; small wood
          v. (derog )  ~ (to/before sb) lie or crawl with the face downwards in a show of humility or fear
            v. [La, I] increase in size or quantity; become greater
          n.  person who grows things
           v.  ~ (of animals or thunder) make a low threatening sound
           adj. adult; mature
        n. adult person
          n.  (process of) growing; development
          v. ~ sth feel resentful about sth; do or give sth very unwillingly
        adj. unwilling; reluctant
      adv: The boss grudgingly raised my salary
           n. simple dish made of oatmeal, etc boiled in milk or water
        exhausting
       adj. severe; exhausting
        adj. filling one with horror or disgust; frightful
           adj. rough; surly
         v. ~ (about/at/over sth) complain or protest in a bad-tempered way
        n. person who grumbles
          adj. (infml ) bad-tempered; surly ;
           v.  (of animals, esp pigs) make a low rough sound from deep in the throat ,
       n.  ~ (against sth) promise (usu in writing) that certain conditions agreed to in a transaction will be fulfilled
           n.  state of watchfulness against attack, danger or surprise
         protected or kept under surveillance
        n.  one who guards or protects sth
    n. position or office of a guardian
         n. small freshwater fish used as bait
           v.  ~ (at sth) give an answer, form an opinion or make a statement about (sth) without calculating or measuring and without definite knowledge
           n.  person invited to visit one's house or being entertained at one's expense
          v. give a noisy laugh
        n. guiding or being guided; leadership; direction
           n.  person who shows others the way, esp a person employed to point out interesting sights on a journey or visit
       a principle put forward to set standards or determine a course of actio
           n. deceit; cunning
       without deceit
   [ guileless: ] adj. free from guile; ingenuous
      n.  machine of French origin for cutting people's heads off, consisting of a heavy blade which slides in grooves and is dropped from a height
           n.  condition or fact of having done wrong
        adv: She looked up guiltily as I came in.
          adj.  ~ (of sth) (esp law ) having done wrong; being to blame (for sth)
          n. (gold coin worth the) sum of
           n.  style of dress
          n. six-stringed musical instrument, plucked with the fingers or a plectrum
       n. guitar player
           n. deep narrow rocky valley
            n.  part of the sea almost surrounded by land
            n. any of several types of large long-winged sea-bird with usu white and grey or black feathers .
          [ gull: ] a person who is easily fooled or cheated
     n.
        adj. willing to believe anything or anyone; easily deceived
           a trench which was orig. worn in the earth by running water and through which water often runs after rains
            v.  ~ sth swallow (food or drink) quickly or greedily
             n. firm pink flesh at the base of the teeth
        n. common sense and initiative; qualities likely to bring success
             n.  any kind of firearm that fires bullets or shells from a metal tube
         n. firing of a gun or guns
       n. explosive powder used in guns, fireworks, blasting, etc
            n.  Hindu spiritual leader
            v.  ~ (from sth) flow or pour out suddenly in great quantities
          n. oil-well with a strong natural flow
            n. sudden violent rush of wind
       the faculty of taste
       affecting the sense of taste
         [ gusty: ] blowing or occurring in gusts or characterized by blustery weather
           n. enthusiastic vigour in doing sth
           adj. with wind blowing in gusts
         adj. cowardly
          n.  long metal or plastic channel fixed under the edge of a roof to carry away rain-water
        adj. (seeming to be) produced in the throat
             n. rope or chain used to keep sth steady or secured, eg to hold a tent in place
          v. ~ ~ sth (down/up) (infml ) eat or drink sth greedily
         n. person who guzzles
             n.  gymnasium
       n. room or hall with apparatus for physical exercise
       adj. of physical exercises and training
     Female supremacy.
        [ gynaecoid: ] adj. resembling, relating to, or like a woman
      The science that treats of the functions and diseases peculiar to women.
          v. move around in circles or spirals; revolve ;
       n. device containing a wheel which, when its spins fast, always maintains the same orientation regardless of any movement of the supporting structure, often used in ships' stabilizers
      adj. a gyroscopic compass
           n.  thing that a person does often and almost without thinking, esp sth that is hard to stop doing
       adj. suitable for living in
        Dweller.
         n. natural environment of an animal or a plant; home
        adj.  regular; usual
      adv. usually; regularly
       v. ~ sb/oneself to sth accustom sb/oneself to sth
     the act or process of habituating
        Customary relation or association.
        n. large landed estate with a house
            v.  ~ at sth/sb strike heavy cutting blows at sth/sb
          any of the long slender feathers on the necks of poultry and other birds
         n.  long feathers on the neck of the domestic cock, etc or hairs on the neck of a dog
         To make stale or trite by repetition.
       adj. used so often that it has become trite and dull
             pt, pp of have
     n. disease, usu inherited, that causes the sufferer to bleed severely from even a slight injury, because the blood fails to clot normally
     n.  bleeding
       a surgical instrument that stops bleeding by compression of a blood vessel
            n. handle of an axe, a knife, etc
         adj. looking tired and unhappy, esp from worry, lack of sleep, etc
          v. ~ (over/about sth) argue (esp about the price, etc when agreeing upon the terms of a sale or other transaction)
            n.  frozen rain falling in a shower
            n.  one of the fine thread-like strands that grow from the skin of people and animals
     Extremely close
         n.  cutting the hair
          (plural:  -dos)
     n. person whose business is to arrange and cut hair
           adj.  of or like hair
         adj. peaceful and happy
            adj. hale and `hearty (esp of an old person) strong and healthy
            n. either of two equal or corresponding parts into which a thing is divided
      adj. stupid; foolish
            n.  space or passage on the inside of the main entrance or front door of a building
        n.  mark used for indicating the standard of gold, silver and platinum on articles made of these metals
          v. make holy; honour as holy
        set apart as sacred
     v. imagine one is seeing or hearing sth when no such thing is present
   n.  illusion of seeing or hearing sth when no such thing is actually present
   adj. of or causing hallucinations
         n.  = hall 1
            n. (also aureola, aureole)  (in paintings, etc) circle of light shown round or above the head of a sacred figure ,
            n.  temporary stop; interruption of progress
         adj. slow and hesitant, as if lacking in confidence
       adv: speak haltingly
           v.  divide into two equal parts
          pl of half1
             n.  upper part of a pig's leg, salted and dried or smoked for food
       n.  flat round cake of minced beef, usu fried and eaten with onions, often in a bread roll
      lacking dexterity or grace:HEAVY-HANDED
          n. small village, esp one without a church
          n.  tool with a heavy metal head at right angles to the handle, used for breaking things, driving nails in, etc
          n.  large basket with a hinged lid, esp one containing food, wine, etc
        [ hamper: ] vt. to prevent the progress or free movement
       n.  any of the five tendons at the back of the human knee
            n.  end part of the human arm below the wrist
         n. small bag for money, keys, etc, carried esp by women  .
        n. small book giving useful facts; guidebook
        vt. to put handcuffs on (a person); manacle
       n. pair of metal rings joined by a chain, for fastening round the wrists of prisoners
         n.  ~ (of sth) as much or as many as can be held in one hand
        n.  thing that makes progress or success difficult
         adv: We're handily placed for the shopping centre.
    n. (usu square) piece of cloth or paper tissue for blowing the nose into, wiping the face, etc
          n.  part of a tool, cup, bucket, door, drawer, etc, by which it may be held, carried or controlled     ,
       n.  shaking of sb's hand with one's own, as a greeting, etc
        adj.  (of men) good-looking
      adv: She was handsomely rewarded for her efforts
     n.  writing with a pen, pencil, etc
     adj. written by hand
           adj.  (of gadgets, etc) convenient to handle or use; useful
        n. person who is clever at doing household repairs, etc or who is employed to do odd jobs
            v.  be supported, or support (sth) from above, esp so that the lower end is free
          n. large shed in which aircraft are kept
         adj. sly and ashamed, as if guilty
          n.  curved piece of wood, plastic or wire with a hook, used for hanging up a garment
       n. (usu derog ) person who tries to become or appear friendly with others, esp in the hope of personal gain
         n.  death by hanging
        n.  unpleasant after-effects of drinking too much alcohol
          v. ~ after/for sth/to do sth have a strong desire for sth
       n. ~ strong desire
             chance; luck
       adj. without plan or order; random
         adj. unlucky; unfortunate
          v.  occur (by chance or otherwise); take place
       n. (usu pl ) thing that happens; event; occurrence
       n.
           adj.  ~ (about/in/with sth/sb) feeling or expressing pleasure, contentment,satisfaction, etc
  adj. accepting events cheerfully as they happen; carefree
        n. long, loud, serious and usu angry speech
          v.  trouble and annoy continually
      n. harassing or being harassed
       n. ~ (rhet ) person or thing that announces or shows that sb/sth is coming
          to give shelter or refuge to
         n.  place of shelter for ships
            adj.  not soft or yielding to the touch or easily cut; solid; firm
     seasoned or steeled by difficult experience:TOUGH
          v.  (cause sth to) become hard, strong, unyielding, etc
      adj. stubborn; willful; realistic; pragmatic.
    adj. lacking in feeling or sympathy; unkind ;
       the trait of being willing to undertake things that involve risk or danger
          adv.  only just; scarcely
        the quality or condition of being hard
      adj. tough and unyielding
        n.  severe suffering or discomfort; privation
        n. metal tools and household implements, eg pans, nails, locks; ironmongery   ;
    adj. working with care and energy
           adj.  able to endure cold or difficult conditions; tough, robust
            n.  fast-running mammal that lives in fields, like a rabbit but larger, with long ears and a divided upper lip
     adj. foolish; flighty
           n.  separate part of a traditional Muslim house in which the women live
            n.  damage; injury
         adj. ~ causingharm
        adj.  not able or likely to cause harm
        n. higher note produced (eg by the vibration of a string) when a note is played that has a fixed relation to it
      adj.  free from disagreement or ill feeling
       to make or become harmonious
         n.  agreement
         n.  equipment consisting of leather straps and saddle and metal fittings by which a horse is controlled and fastened to the cart, plough, etc that it pulls
            n. large upright musical instrument with strings stretched on a triangular frame and played with the fingers .
         [ harp: ] a large triangular plucked stringed instrument consisting of a soundboard connected to an upright pillar by means of a curved crossbar from which the strings extend downwards.
         n. person who plays the harp
         n. missile like a spear with a rope attached, thrown by hand or fired from a gun, used for catching whales, etc ,
     n. musical instrument similar to a piano, but with strings that are plucked mechanically ,
        n. bad-tempered old woman
          n. heavy frame with metal spikes or discs dragged over ploughed land to break up lumps of earth, cover seeds, etc
       [ harrow: ] any of various implements used to level the ground, stir the soil, break up clods, destroy weeds, etc., in soil
           v.  annoy (sb) with repeated requests, questions, etc; harass
           adj. ~ (to sb/sth) unpleasantly rough or sharp, esp to the senses
         adv: be harshly treated
         n.  cutting and gathering of grain and other food crops
            n.  cooked meat cut into small pieces and recooked
          n. difficulty; struggle
           n.  quickness of movement; hurry
          v.  move or act with speed; hurry
         adv.
           adj. said, made or done quickly or too quickly; hurried
             n.  covering made to fit the head, usu with a brim, worn out of doors
           n.  opening in a door, floor or ceiling
        (plural:  -eries)
         n.  light short-handled axe .
            v.  feel hatred towards (sb/sth)
         adj. ~ causing sb to feel hatred or strong dislike; detestable; very unpleasant
         adj. not wearing a hat
          n. ~ very strong dislike; hate
     n. Pride; arrogance.
         adj. (of a person or his manner) arrogant while despising others; proud and disdainful
            v.  pull or drag with effort or force
           v.  visit (a place) regularly
        (of memories) poignant or persistent
         n. haughtiness
            6.26.3. aux v
           n.  place of safety or rest; refuge
       n. strong bag carried on the back or over the shoulder
           n.  widespread damage; great destruction
            n.  strong swift bird of prey withsharp eyesight
          n. person who hawks goods
         adj. favouring aggressive policies rather than negotiation and compromise
          n. thick heavy rope or thin steel cable, used for mooring or towing a ship ,
        n. thorny shrub or tree with white, red or pink blossom and small dark red berries
             n.  grass cut and dried for use as animal food
          n.  ~ (thing that can cause) danger; risk
       adj. dangerous; risky
          adv: remember sth hazily
            adj.  misty
              pers pron. male person or animal mentioned earlier or being observed now
            n.  part of the body containing the eyes, nose, mouth and brain
        n.  continuous pain in the head
       with the head foremost; headlong
         n. word or words put at the top of a page, section of a book, etc as a title
       n. lamp at the front of a motor vehicle or railway engine
        n.  line of words printed in large type at the top of a page, esp in a newspaper
        adv, adj  with the head first
      fem headmistress
     verb  (informal)   (chiefly U.S.)  to place in or establish as headquarter
    n. place from which an organization is controlled
      adj. obstinately determined to do things in one's own way without listening to others; self-willed ;
         n. progress, esp in difficult circumstances
           adj.  (of alcoholic drinks) likely to make people drunk quickly; potent
            v.  ~ (cause sth to) become healthy again
         [ heal: ] to restore or be restored to health
          n.  condition of a person's body or mind
       adj. good for the health
   [ healthful: ] adj. a less common word for: healthy [1--3]
         adj.  having good health; well and able to resist disease
            n.  number of things or mass of material lying piled up
            v. perceive (sounds) with the ears
          n. person who hears sth, esp a member of an audience
         n.  ability to hear; sensewith which sound is perceived
         v. ~ (arch ) listen
         n. things one has heard another person or other people say, which may or may not be true; rumour
           n.  hollow muscular organ that pumps blood through the body
         v. make feel cheerful and encouraged
      adj. heartening news
       adj. deeply felt; sincere
          n.  floor of a fireplace
        adv.  with obvious enjoyment and enthusiasm; vigorously
      n.
    causing intense sorrow or distress
          adj.  showing warm and friendly feelings; enthusiastic
            n.  high temperature; hotness
          n. device for supplying warmth to a room or for heating water
           n.  area of flat uncultivated land, esp one covered with shrubs; moorland ;
         n.  person who does not believe in any of the world's chief religions, esp one who is neither Christian, Muslim nor Jew; pagan
      adj. of or like heathens; barbarous ;
         n. means or system of supplying heat
           v.  lift or drag (sth heavy) with great effort
          n.  place believed to be the home of God and the angels and of good people after death
         adv. very heavy
           adj.  having weight (esp great weight); difficult to lift or move
    adj.  clumsy; awkward
n.
        a great sacrifice; an ancient greek or roman sacrifice of 100 oxen
          v. interrupt and harass at a public meeting with troublesome questions and rude remarks
         n.
          adj. with much confused activity and excitement; very busy
          v. try to frighten by bullying
           n.  row of bushes or shrubs planted close together and forming a boundary for a field, garden, etc
        n. small insect-eating animal covered with stiff spines, that rolls itself up into a ball to defend itself .
         of, relating to, or characterized by pleasure
        n. belief that pleasure should be the main aim in life
        n. believer in hedonism
      (adj.) living for pleasure
            v. pay attention to (advice, etc); take notice of (sth)
        not noticing; disregarding
    [ heedless: ] adj. taking little or no notice; careless or thoughtless
            n.  back part of the human foot .
         adv: a heftily-built fellow
           adj. (infml )  (of a person) big and strong
        n. leadership, esp by one state in a group of states
          n. the Hegira Muhammad's flight from Mecca to Medina in AD 622, from which date the Muslim era is reckoned 622
          n. young cow, esp one that has not yet had a calf
          n.  measurement from the bottom to the top of a thing or from head to foot of a standing person
        v. becomehigher or more intense
         adj. very wicked
            n. ~ person with the legal right to receive property, etc when the owner dies
         n. female heir, esp one who inherits great wealth
        n. object that has been handed down in a family for several generations
          = hegira
            pt, pp of hold
         adj. like a helix
      n. type of aircraft with horizontal revolving blades or rotors, able to take off and land vertically and remain stationary in the air
      n.  plant with small sweet-smelling purple flowers
          n. chemical element, a light colourless gas that does not burn, used in airships .
            n.  place believed in some religions to be the home of devils and of wicked people after death
           = hallo
            n.  handle or wheel for moving the rudder of a ship or boat
          n. protective head-covering such as that worn by firemen, miners, motor-cyclists, policemen and sportsmen, and by soldiers when they arefighting .
        adj. wearing or provided with a helmet
        n. person who steers a ship
           (medieval europe) a person who is bound to the land and owned by the feudal lord
            v.  ~ (with sth) be of use or service to (sb); make it easier for (sb) to do sth; aid; assist
          n. person who helps
         adj. giving help; useful
         n. portion of food at a meal
        adj.  unable to act without help; needing the help of others
           n. handle of a weapon or tool, esp an axe
             n. edge of a piece of cloth which has been turned under and sewn or fixed down
      n.  half a sphere
   adj. shaped like a hemisphere
         n.  poisonous plant with small white flowers
      [ haemophilia: ] an inheritable disease, usually affecting only males but transmitted by women to their male children, characterized by loss or impairment of the normal clotting ability of blood so that a minor wound may result in fatal bleeding
      Discharge of blood from a ruptured or wounded blood-vessel.
             n.  female of the common domestic fowl .
           adv.  from this time
      adv. from this time on; in future
        n. faithful follower or political supporter who always obeys the orders of his leader
         To worry or harass by ill temper and petty annoyances.
       adj. (of a husband) nagged by a fussy and domineering wife
         of or relating to the liver
       n. inflammation of the liver
        n. geometric figure with seven sides and angles
       A group of seven governments.
             pers pron. female person or animal mentioned earlier or being observed now
          n.  person who made important announcements and carried messages from a ruler
            n. plant with a soft stem that dies down to the ground after flowering
      adj. of or like herbs
       A collection of dried plants scientifically arranged for study.
       n. substance that is poisonous to plants, used to destroy weeds, etc
     adj. feeding on plants
       adj. having or needing very great strength
            n.  number of animals, esp cattle, feeding or staying together
        n. person who looks after a herd of animals
            adv.  (with a v or after a prep ) in, at or to this position or place
       adv.  (in legal documents, etc) from now on; following this ,
      adj.  passed on from parent to child, or from one generation to following generations
        n. passing on of physical or mental characteristics from parents to children
          n.  belief or opinion that is contrary to what is generally accepted, esp in religion
         n. person who is guilty of heresy or who supports a heresy
       adj. of heresy or heretics
      adv. until now; formerly ;
        n.  things such as works of art, cultural achievements and folklore that have been passed on from earlier generations
        adj. tightly closed so that air cannot escape or enter; completely airtight ;
    adv: hermetically sealed containers
          n. person who has withdrawn from society and lives completely alone; recluse ;
       n. place where a hermit or a group of hermits lives
          n. rupture, esp one caused by a part of the bowel being pushed through a weak point of the muscle wall of the abdomen
            n.  person who is admired by many for his noble qualities or his bravery
          adj.  having the characteristics of a hero; very brave
         n.  talk or behaviour that is excessively dramatic
         n. female hero
         n. brave and noble conduct; courage
   one that a branch of zoology dealing with reptiles and amphibians
         n.  N Atlantic fish, usu swimming in very large shoals, used for food
            possess pron of or belonging to her
         reflex, emph pron    (reflex ) (used when the female doer of an action is also affected by it  )
       the quality or state of being hesitant:as  a:INDECISION  b:RELUCTANCE
       n. state or quality of being hesitant
        adj. tending to be slow inspeaking or acting because of uncertainty or unwillingness
        v.  ~ be slow to speak or act because one feels uncertain or unwilling; pause in doubt
      n.  state of hesitating
       adj. not conforming with accepted standards or beliefs
      any opinions or doctrines at variance with the official or orthodox position ; the quality of being unorthodox
   Unlikeness of constituent parts.
   adj. made up of different kinds; varied in composition
   Deviating from the normal form or standard type.
    adj. feeling sexually attracted to people of the opposite sex
             v. chop or cut (sth/sb) with an axe, sword, etc
         n. geometric figure with six sides and angles
         Having six feet.
             interj  (used to call attention or express surprise or inquiry )
          n. time of greatest success, prosperity, power, etc
              interj  (esp US) = hallo
          n.  gap in a series or sequence, making it incomplete; break in continuity ;
        wintry
       v. spend the winter in a state like deep sleep
     n.
      [ hibernate: ] (of some mammals, reptiles, and amphibians) to pass the winter in a dormant condition with metabolism greatly slowed down
       Pertaining to Ireland, or its people.
        n. plant or shrub with large brightly coloured flowers, grown esp in tropical countries
            v.  prevent (sth/sb/oneself) from being seen; put or keep out of sight
       adj. not willing to consider new ideas, methods, etc; too conventional and narrow-minded
         adj. filling the mind with horror; very ugly; frightful
             v. ~ oneself to sth (arch or joc ) go quickly
    adj. of or arranged in a hierarchy
       n. system with grades of authority or status from the lowest to the highest
      n.  picture or symbol of an object, representing a word, syllable or sound, as used in ancient Egyptian and other writing
    adj. of or written in hieroglyphs
            adj.  (of things) extending far upwards; having a relatively big distance from the base to the top
        n. person who has or is thought to have superior intellectual and cultural tastes
      adj. extravagantly grand and pretentious
     adj. using power or authority without considering the opinions and wishes of others
        adj.  of or in mountainous regions
       n.  best, most interesting or most exciting part of something
          adv.  to an unusually great extent; very
     adj. having or showing a noble and virtuous character
       adj. very tall, with many storeys
         n.  main public road
          v.  seize control of in order to force it to go to a new destination, to take its passengers hostage or to steal its cargo
            n.  long walk, esp in the country, taken for pleasure or exercise
       adj. extremelyamusing; very funny
        n. loud laughter; great amusement
            n.  natural elevation on the earth's surface, not as high or rugged as a mountain
       (of music) characteristic of rural life ; a disparaging term for an unsophisticated person
         n. small hill; mound ;
        n. sloping side of a hill
            n.  handle of a sword, dagger, etc  .
             pers pron. male person or animal mentioned earlier or being observed now
         reflex, emph pron    (reflex ) (used when the male doer of an action is also affected by it )
            adj.  situated at the back
          v. ~ sb/sth prevent the progress of sb/sth; obstruct or delay sb/sth  ;
        adj.  furthest behind
       n.  ~ thing or person that hinders
       n. wisdom about an event after it has occurred
           n. piece of metal, etc on which a lid, door, or gate turns or swings as it opens and closes
            n.  subtle way of indicating to sb what one is thinking or what one wants; indirect suggestion
      n.  area lying inland from the coast or away from a river
     [ hinterland: ] land lying behind something, esp. a coast or the shore of a river
             n. part on either side of the body below the waist where the bone of a person's leg is joined to the trunk
    n. (also hippo) large African river animal with short legs and thick dark skin .
         (slang, now rare) a  an enthusiast of modern jazz
            v.  ~ sth/sb obtain the use of sth or the services of sb temporarily and esp for a short period of time, in return for payment
        n. person whose services may be hired
         adj. (esp of a man) covered with hair; hairy; shaggy
             possess det of or belonging to a male person or animal mentioned earlier
        adj.  of Spain and Portugal
            v.  ~ make a sound like that of a long `s'
the degree of similarity between the histocompatibility antigens of two individuals. Histocompatibility determines whether an organ transplant will be tolerated
       n. scientific study of animal and plant tissues
       n. person who studies or writes about history
        adj. famous or important in history
      adj.  concerning past events
         n.  study of past events, esp the political, social and economic development of a country, a continent or the world
      adj.  very theatrical in manner; excessively dramatic; affected
  adv. (usu derog )
     n. theatrical manners or behaviour, esp when exaggerated in order to impress others
             v.   ~ sb/sth (with sth) strike sb/sth with a blow, missile, etc
           v.  get in other people's cars as a way of travelling
        adv. until now
            n.  (also `beehive) box or other container for bees to live in
           n. carefully collected and guarded store of money, food or other treasured objects
          adj. (of the voice) sounding rough and harsh
           adj.  (also hoar) (esp of hair) grey or white with age
            n. mischievous trick played on sb for a joke
          v.  walk with difficulty because the feet or legs hurt or are disabled; walk lamely; limp
           n. favourite activity that a person does for pleasure and not as his regular business
        [ hobby: ] an activity pursued in spare time for pleasure or relaxation
       n. mischievous little creature; ugly and evil spirit; goblin
      = hotchpotch
             n. long-handled tool with a blade, used for loosening the soil and removing weeds
        n.  large barrel for beer
           v.  raise by means of ropes, special apparatus, etc
            v.  take and keep or support (sb/sth) in one's arms, hands, teeth, etc
          n.  person who holds sth; person who has sth at his disposal or in his possession
            n.  sunken or hollow place in a solid mass or surface; cavity
         n.  day of rest, recreation or festivity, when no work is done
          adj.  having a hole or empty space inside; not solid
           n. evergreen shrub with hard shiny sharp-pointed leaves and, in winter, red berries ,
       n. large-scale destruction, esp by fire; great loss of human life
        n. photographic representation that gives a three-dimensional image when suitably lit
       n. document that is handwritten by the author
         n. leather case for a pistol, usu fixed to a belt or saddle .
            adj.  associated with God or with religion; of God
          n. things said or done to show great respect; tribute to a person or his qualities (used esp with the vs shown)
            n.  place where one lives, esp with one's family
        adj. having no home
          adj.  (approv  esp Brit) simple and plain
       ns = homoeopath (homoeopathy)
     [ homeopathy: ] adj. "homeo'pathically, "homoeo'pathically adverb(ial)
      ns = homoeopathy
     tendency of a system to maintain relative stability
        adj. sad because one is away from home
    n.
        adj.  made of yarn spun at home
        n.  work that a pupil is required to do away from school
      the branch of theology that deals with sermons and homilies ; the art of preaching
          n.  long and boring talk from sb on the correct way to behave, etc
         any primate of the family Hominidae, which includes modern man (Homo sapiens) and the extinct precursors of man
     n. quality of being alike
     adj. formed of parts that are all of the same type
  [ homogenize: ] vt. to break up the fat globules in (milk or cream) so that they are evenly distributed
      to blend (diverse elements) into a uniform mixture
       n. word spelt like another word but with a different meaning or pronunciation
      Identical in nature, make-up, or relation.
         n. word spelt and pronounced like another word but with a different meaning
       n. word pronounced like another word but with a different meaning or spelling , some, sum ; knew, new
            n. stone used for sharpening the cutting edges of tools, etc
           [ hone: ] a fine whetstone, esp. for sharpening razors
          adj.  (of a person) telling the truth; not cheating or stealing
         n.  quality of being honest; truthfulness ;
           n.  sweet sticky yellowish substance made by bees from nectar
       n.  wax structure of six-sided cells made by bees for holding their honey and eggs
       n.  holiday taken by a newly married couple
            n.  cry of the wild goose
           = honour
       = honourable
      n. voluntary payment made for professional services for which a fee is not normally paid or required by law
          n.  source of pride and pleasure; privilege
      adj.  deserving, bringing or showing honour
         observances of respect
            n.  covering for the head and neck, often fastened to a coat, etc, so that it can hang down at the back, or be detached, when not in use ,
        v. ~ sb deceive sb; trick sb
            n. horny part of the foot of a horse, an ox or a deer
            n.  curved or bent piece of wire, plastic, etc for catching hold of sth or for hanging sth on
          adj. curved like a hook
        n. disorderly and noisy young person who often behaves in a violent and destructive way; young thug or ruffian
            n.  circular band of wood, metal, etc
          pl of hoof
             v.  (of a person) move by jumping on one foot
            n.  ~ (of doing sth/that...) desire for sth to happen, combined with the expectation that it will
         adj.  ~ ~ (that...) (of a person) having hope
        adj.  most unlikely to improve, succeed, be settled, etc; causing despair
           n. very large group (esp of people); huge crowd; throng
         n.  the horizon the line at which the earth and sky appear to meet
      parallel to the plane of the horizon; level; flat
        adj. of a hormone or hormones
         a chemical substance produced in an endocrine gland and transported in the blood to a certain tissue, on which it exerts a specific effect
            n.  bony outgrowth, usu curved and pointed and one of a pair, on the heads of cattle, deer, rams and various other animals   .
          adj. having horns, esp of the specified type
        adj. without horns
        adj.  similar to a hornin shape
        the art of designing and making clocks
       n.  forecast of a person's future based on a diagram showing the relative positions of the planets, etc at a particular time, eg the time of his birth
      adj. horrifying; horrific
        adj.  causing horror; horrifying
    adv. (infml )
         v. fill (sb) with horror; shock greatly
          n.  feeling of intense fear or dismay; terror
            -d' oeuvre n. food served at the beginning of a meal as an appetizer
           n.  large four-legged animal with a flowing mane and tail, used for riding on or to carry loads, pull carts, etc .
        (plural:  -flies)
      n. (abbr  hp) unit for measuring the power of an engine, etc (550 foot-pounds per second, about 750 watts) , 15501, 750
       giving exhortation:ADVISORY
       encouraging; exhortative
   adj. a horticultural show, society, expert
    n. art of growing flowers, fruit and vegetables; gardening ;
  personwho practises horticulture; skilled gardener ;
            n. flexible tube made of rubber, plastic or canvas and used for directing water onto fires, gardens, etc
        a flexible pipe for conveying a liquid or gas
         n. stockings, socks and knitted or woven underwear
      adj. ~ (of a person) pleased to welcome and entertain guests; giving hospitality
        n. institution providing medical and surgical treatment and nursing care for ill or injured people
     n. friendly and generous reception and entertainment of guests or strangers, esp in one's own home
            n.  ~ of sb/sth large number of people or things
         n.  person held as a captive by one or more others who threaten to keep, harm or kill him unless certain demands are met
          n. building in which food and lodging are provided for students, certain groups of workers, the homeless, travellers, etc
        n. inn; public house
         n.  woman who receives and entertains one or more other people as guests
         adj.  ~ showing strong dislike or enmity; very unfriendly
       n. ~ being hostile (to sb/sth); antagonism; enmity
             adj.  having a relatively or noticeably high temperature; giving off heat
          n.  bed of earth heated by rotting manure to help plants to grow
           n. building where rooms and usu meals are provided for people in return for payment
         n. person who often acts too hastily or rashly; impetuous person ;
      adj. rash; impulsive; impetuous ;
           n.  type of dog used in hunting; foxhound
            n.  twenty-fourth part of a day and night; 60 minutes
           n.  building made for people to live in, usu for one family or for a family and lodgers
        n. as much or many as a house can contain or accommodate
       n.  all the people living together in a house
       n. woman whose occupation is looking after her family, cleaning the house, etc, and who usu does not have full-time paid work outside the home
     adj. of a housewife
     n. work of a housewife
       n. work done in a house, eg cleaning and cooking
            => heave
           n. small house that is unfit to live in; very poor and squalid dwelling ;
           v.  remain in the air in one place
      n. vehicle that is capable of moving over land or water while supported on a cushion of air made by jet engines
             interrog adv  in what way or manner
         adv.  to whatever extent or degree
            n. long loud wailing cry of a dog, wolf, etc  ,
          n. foolish and obvious mistake, esp in the use of words
          n. girl who behaves in a wild noisy manner
             n.  central part of a wheel from which the spokes radiate .
          n. loud confused noise, eg of many voices; din ;
          n. arrogant pride
        n. person who sells goods in the street; hawker
          v.  crowd or be heaped together, esp in a small space
             n. colour; variety or shade of colour
           quick to take offense ; (informal) roused to anger
             v.  put the arms round (sb/sth) tightly, esp to show love
            adj. very large in size or amount; enormous
            n.  body of an old ship which is no longer in use
         adj. (of a person or thing) very big or heavy and usu awkward or clumsy
            n. body of a ship
      n. (usu sing ) continuous loud noise, esp of people shouting; uproar; din
             v.  make a low steady continuous sound like that made by bees
           adj.  of or characteristic of man
          adj.  having or showing sympathy, kindness and understanding
        n.  system of beliefs that concentrates on common human needs and seeks rational (rather than divine) ways of solving human problems
        n. supporter of humanism
      adj.
    adj. concerned with improving the lives of mankind and reducing suffering, esp by social reform
        n.  human beings collectively; the human race; people
        To make gentle or refined.
          adj. (of a person or his words or actions) having or showing a low or modest opinion of one's own importance; not proud
          adv. beg most humbly for forgiveness
          n.  dishonest behaviour or talk that is intended to deceive people and win their support or sympathy
       n. excellent or remarkable person or thing
         adj. lacking excitement or variety; dull; monotonous
           adj. containing moisture; damp
        v. make (the air, etc) damp
        n. degree of moisture, esp in the air; dampness ;
       v. make feel ashamed or disgraced; lower the dignity or self-respect of
      [ humiliate: ] to lower or hurt the dignity or pride of
     n.
        n. humble attitude of mind; modesty
     tiny american bird having brilliant iridescent plumage and long slender bills; wings are specialized for vibrating flight
         n. low hill or hump in the ground; hillock ;
           to soothe or content by indulgence
        n. person who is known for his humorous writing or talk
        adj. having or showing a sense of humour; amusing; funny
          n.  quality of being amusing or comic
            n.  round projecting part on the back of a camel, etc .
           n. rich dark organic material formed by the decay of dead leaves, etc and essential to the fertility of soil
           n. idea based on intuition or instinct and not on evidence
         pron, det 100; one more than ninety-nine 100
     adj. adv  one hundred times as much or as many
       pron, det 100th; next after ninety-ninth 100. n one of one hundred equal parts of sth
            pt, pp of hang
          n.  state of not having enough to eat; lack of food
          adj.  suffering from weakness, pain, etc because of lack of food; starving
            n.  large piece cut from a larger piece
            v.  chase and try to kill or capture them, for food or sport
          n.  person who hunts
          n.  (in athletics or horse-racing) each of a series of upright frames to be jumped over in a race
            v.  throw violently; fling
         n. Irish ball game similar to hockey
     n. noisy and energetic activity
          interj  ~ (used to express joy, approval, etc  )
       n.  storm with a violent wind, esp a West Indian cyclone
           n.  need or wish to get something done quickly; eager haste
            v.  cause physical injury or pain to (sb/oneself, a part of the body, an animal, etc)
          v. move violently, noisily or with great speed in the specified direction
         n.  man to whom a woman is married
       n. farming
            v.  become silent
            n.  dry outer covering of certain seeds and fruits, esp grain
           adj.  (of a person or voice) dry in the throat; sounding slightly hoarse
          n. soldier of a cavalry regiment, carrying light weapons
        n. the hustings the political campaigning leading up to a parliamentary election, eg canvassing votes and making speeches
          v.  push roughly and hurriedly; jostle; shove
         n.  person who hustles (hustle 4)
             n. small roughly-built house or shelter, usu made of wood or metal ,
          n.  animal or plant that has parents of different species or varieties
   [ hybridize: ] verb  to produce or cause to produce hybrids; crossbreed
           n.  snake-like monster with many heads that grew again if they were cut off
         n. pipe with a nozzle to which a hose can be attached, for drawing water from a water-main to clean streets, put out fires, etc ,
         n. chemical compound of water with another substance
       adj.  of water moving through pipes
     n. any of a class of compounds of hydrogen and carbon that are found in petrol, coal and natural gas
   study of fluids in motion
   adj. using water-power to produce electricity
        n. gas that has no colour, taste or smell and is the lightest substance known, combining with oxygen to form water .
 [ hydromechanics: ] another name for: hydrodynamics
      n. scientificinstrument that measures the density of liquids
     n.  abnormal fear of water and of drinking, esp as a symptom of rabies in humans
      n.  light motor boat with a flat bottom, that can travel fast over the surface of the water
     n. art of growing plants without soil in water or sand to which chemical food is added
    The branch of science that treats of the pressure and equilibrium of fluids.
         Watery.
           n. flesh-eating animal of Africa and Asia, like a wolf, with a howl that sounds like wild laughter ,
         n. study and practice of cleanliness as a way of maintaining good health and preventing disease
        adj. free from germs that cause disease; clean
     absorbing moisture (as from the air)
            n. song of praise, esp one praising God sung by Christians ,
   n.
       n. curve produced when a cone is cut by a plane that makes a larger angle with the base than the side of the cone makes .
       n. exaggeratedstatement that is made for special effect and is not meant to be taken literally, eg I've invited millions of people to my party ,
      enlarged beyond truth or reasonableness ; of or relating to a hyperbola
   adj. too critical, esp of small faults
  adj.  ~ extremely sensitive emotionally
    n.  abnormally high blood pressure
          n. short line used to join two words together
        n. state like deep sleep in which a person's actions may be controlled by another person
        adj.  of or producing hypnosis or a similar condition
       n. production or practice of hypnosis
       n. person who produces hypnosis in another person or who practices hypnosis
       To produce a somnambulistic state in which the mind readily acts on suggestions.
    n. abnormal and unnecessary anxiety about one's health
   n. person who suffers from hypochondria
       n. practice of misrepresenting one's real character, opinions, etc, esp by pretending to be more virtuous than one really is; insincerity ;
       n. person who pretends to have opinions which he does not have or to be what he is not
    adj. of hypocrisy or a hypocrite
      adj. (of drugs, etc) injected beneath the skin
      n. side opposite the right angle of a right-angled triangle
      n. idea or suggestion that is based on known facts and is used as a basis for reasoning or further investigation
     verb  to form or assume as a hypothesis
    adj. of or based on a hypothesis; not necessarily true or real ;
  adv.
        n. wild uncontrollable emotion or excitement, with eg laughter, crying or screaming
      adj.  caused by hysteria
    adv: laughing hysterically  * It was hysterically funny
               pers pron. person who is the speaker or writer
             abbr.  = International Business Machines
             n.  water frozen so that it has become solid
         n.  huge mass of ice floating in the sea .
       n. frozen food made from sweetened and flavoured cream or custard
   one that study a branch of zoology that deals with fishes
     study of fish
     ichthyosaurus
          n. pointed piece of ice formed by the freezing of dripping water
           n. mixture of sugar,egg-white, flavouring, etc for covering and decorating cakes
            n. painting, carving, etc of a holy person, itself regarded as sacred
      n.  person who attacks popular beliefs or established customs
    attacking cherished beliefs
    [ iconography: ] a  the symbols used in a work of art or art movement
             adj.  very cold; as cold as ice
            n.  plan, etc formed by thinking; thought
           adj.  satisfying one's idea of whatis perfect; most suitable
        n.  forming,pursuing or believing in ideals (ideal n
        n. person who has high ideals and tries to achieve them
      adj.
        To make to conform to some mental or imaginary standard.
         adv. most suitably
       adj.  the ~ the same
    [ identify: ] to prove or recognize as being a certain person or thing; determine the identity of
  n.  identifying or being identified
      [ identify: ] to prove or recognize as being a certain person or thing; determine the identity of
        v.  ~ sb/sth as sb/sth show, prove, etc who or what sb/sth is; recognize sb/sth (as being the specified person or thing)
        n.  who or what sb/sth is
        n. ideas that form the basis of an economic or political theory or that are held by a particular group or person
          n.  extreme stupidity
           n.  phrase or sentence whose meaning is not clear from the meaning of its individual words and which must be learnt as a whole unit ; ,  give way, a change of heart, be hard put to it
       adj. in accordance with the particular nature or structure of a language, dialect, etc
    n. person's particular way of thinking, behaving, etc that is clearly different from that of others
   a peculiarity of constitution or temperament:an individualizingcharacteristic or quality
[ idiosyncrasy: ] a tendency, type of behaviour, mannerism, etc., of a specific person; quirk
           n.  very foolish person; fool
            adj.  doing or having no work; not employed
        n.
            n.  image of a god, often carved in stone, wood, etc and used as an object of worship
        n. person who worships an idol or idols
      admires intensely and often blindly
      adj. worshipping idols
        n. worship of idols
         To regard with inordinate love or admiration.
        [ idolize: ] vt. to admire or revere greatly
           n.  short piece of poetry or prose that describes a happy and peaceful scene or event, esp of country life
         adj. like an idyll; peaceful and pleasant
     adv: idyllically happy
              conj  on condition that; supposing ; . (used with the present and present perfect tenses for highly predictable situations )
           n. small dome-shaped housebuilt by Eskimos from blocks of hard snow as a temporaryshelter
         adj. (of rocks) formed by molten matter (esp from volcanoes) that has become solid
          v. catch fire
        n.  causing sth to catch fire
         adj. not honourable in character or purpose; shameful
     adj. shameful or humiliating; causing disgrace
        shame or humiliation; disgrace
       n. ignorant person
       n. ~ lack of knowledge or information (about sth)
        adj.  ~ (of sth)knowing little or nothing; lacking education or information; unaware
          v.  take no notice of
          n. type of large tree-climbing lizard of tropical America
           A Greek epic poem describing scenes from the siege of Troy.
             adv.  badly; wrongly
         adj. against the law; not legal ;
      n.  state of being illegal
       adv: an illegally parked car
    n.
       adj. difficult or impossible to read; not legible
    adj.  born of parents not married to each other; not legitimate by birth
       adj.  nottolerant; narrow-minded
         adj. not allowed by law; illegal
     infinite
      n. state of being illiterate
      adj.  not able to read or write
     adj. bad-tempered; unkind
         n.  state of being ill in body or mind; lack of health
       adj.  without reason or logic; not sensible
     adv.
      That which may be used to produce light.
      v.  provide with light
      persons who are or who claim to be unusually enlightened
    adj. particularly revealing or helpful
    n.  illuminating or being illuminated; light ;
        To make bright or clear.
        n.  false idea, belief or impression; delusion
        adjs. based on illusion; deceptive
        based on or producing illusion:DECEPTIVE
      v.  supply with pictures, diagrams, etc
     [ illustrate: ] to clarify or explain by use of examples, analogy, etc.
    n.  illustrating or being illustrated
    adj. servingas an example or illustration
     n. person who draws and paints pictures for books, etc
     adj. very famous anddistinguished
           n.  copy of the shape of a person or thing, esp one made in stone or wood; statue
      adj. that can be imagined
       adj. existing only in the mind or imagination; not real
     n.  ability to form mental images or pictures
     adj. having or showing imagination
         v.  form a mental image of
         a poetic movement in England and America between 1912 and 1917, initiated chiefly by Ezra Pound, advocating the use of ordinary speech and the precise presentation of images
       n. lack of balance or proportion; inequality
        n. (esp adult) person with abnormally low intelligence
      n.  stupidity
          v.  drink (sth, esp alcohol)
       n. complicated, confused or embarrassing situation, esp a political or an emotional one ,
          drench, stain, especially with blood
           v. ~ sb/sth with sth fill or inspire sb/sth with (feelings, etc)
          [ imbue: ] to instil or inspire (with ideals, principles, etc.)
         v.  copy the behaviour of (sb/sth); take or follow as an example
       n.  thing produced as a copy of the real thing
       adj. copying or following a model or example
        n. person who imitates
      adj.  perfectly clean and tidy; spotless
        adj. ~  (fml ) (of qualities) naturally present; inherent
      adj.  ~ not important; irrelevant
        adj.  not sensible in behaviour or in controlling one's feelings; less mature than one would expect
      n.
    adj. that cannot be measured, esp because of largeness in size or extent
    adv: Your presence has enriched our lives immeasurably. * The task seems immeasurably difficult
       n. closeness or reality of sth, so that one feels directly involved or has to deal with it at once
       adj.  happening or done at once
     adv.  at once; without delay
      adj.  going back beyond the reach of human memory or written records
         adj. extremely large
       n. largeness; great size
         v.  ~ sth put sth under the surface of a liquid
        sunk or submerged
       n.  immersing; being immersed ;
       n. person who has come to live permanently in a foreign country
       v. ~ enter a foreign country in order to live there permanently
     n.  moving of people from one country to come to live in another country permanently
       the state of being imminent and liable to happen soon
        adj. about to happen; likely to happen very soon
      Separating, as oil and water.
        adj.  unable to move or be moved
      n. state of being immobile
      to make or become immobile
      adj. too extreme or excessive; not moderate
        adj.  indecent or not proper; not modest, esp concerning sexual behaviour
      adv.
        v. kill (sb) as a sacrifice
      n.
         adj.  not following accepted standards of morality; not moral
      n. immoralbehaviour
       adv: behave immorally
        adj.  living for ever; not mortal
     To cause to last or to be known or remembered throughout a great or indefinite length of time.
       adj.  that cannot be moved; impossible to move; fixed
          adj.  ~ that cannot be harmed by a disease or illness, either because of inoculation or through natural resistance
        n.  ~ ability to resist infection, disease, etc
    [ immunize: ] verb  to make immune, esp. by inoculation
        verb  to make immune, esp. by inoculation
          v. imprison (sb); shut in
    n.
       adj. that cannot be changed; that will never change
             n.  small devil or evil spirit
          n.  hitting of one object against another
          v. weaken or damage
      n.
          v. ~ sb/sth pierce sb/sth with a sharp-pointed object
      adj.  that cannot be touched or felt physically
          v.  ~ sth (to sth) give (a quality) to sth
       adj. not favouring one person or thing more than another; fair or neutral
    n.
     adv: treat prisoners impartially
      adj. impossible to travel on or over
         n. difficult position or situation from which there is no way out; deadlock
      Not moved or affected by feeling.
       to arouse the passions of; inflam
     adj. showingstrong deep feeling
       adj. showing no sign of feeling
   [ impassive: ] not revealing or affected by emotion; reserved
     [ impassive: ] not revealing or affected by emotion; reserved
      Unwillingness to brook delays or wait the natural course of things.
       adj.  ~ (at sth/with sb) unable to deal calmly with sth/sb or to wait for sth; easily irritated by sb/sth; not patient
         v.  ~ sb accuse (a public official or politician) of committing a serious crime, esp one against the State
     adj. for which a public official or politician can be impeached
     n.
      adj. free from mistakes; excellent or faultless
      adv: He was impeccably dressed for the occasion
     adj. having little or no money
          v. hinder or obstruct the progress or movement of
      n.  ~ person or thing that hinders or obstructs the progress or movement of sth
     n. baggage and other supplies that slow down an army on a long journey
        [ impede: ] to restrict or retard in action, progress, etc.; hinder; obstruct
           v. ~ sb (to sth) force or urge sb to do sth
          to be about to occur
       adj. about to happen; imminent
 n.
    adj.  ~ that cannot be entered, passed through, etc
      adj. not sorry for or ashamed of one's misdoings; not penitent;
      adj.  very urgent or important; needing immediateattention
   adj. that cannot be noticed or felt because so small, slight or gradual
   adv: Almost imperceptibly her expression changed.
    n.  being imperfect
        adj.  of an empire or its ruler(s)
     n. (belief in the) policy of extendinga country's power and influence in the world throughdiplomacy or military force, and esp by acquiring colonies
     n. person who supports or believes in imperialism
         v. (fml ) put (sb/sth) in danger; endanger
       adj. proud and arrogant; domineering; expecting obedience
   haughty/arrogant/commandin
    adj. that will not decay; that will never disappear
     adj. not permanent; temporary ;
  [ impermeable: ] adj. (of a substance) not allowing the passage of a fluid through interstices; not permeable
     adj. not allowing a liquid to pass through
   adj. not allowed or permitted
      adj.  not influenced by, showing or involving human feelings
     v.  pretend to be in order to entertain others
    n. person who impersonates other people
    Rudeness.
     adj. ~ not respectful; rude
calmness
   adj. not easily troubled or worried; calm
      adj. ~  not allowing water, gas, etc to pass through
  arrogance/commanding presence/overbearingness
     Rashness.
       adj. acting or done quickly and with little thought or care; rash or impulsive
     adv.
         n.  ~ thing that encourages a process to develop more quickly
         n. lack of respect, esp for God and religion ,
         v. ~ on/upon sth have an effect on sth
         adj. showing a lack of respect, esp for God and religion; not pious ,
      adj. that cannot be changed or satisfied
      adv: implacably opposed to the plan
         v. ~ sth  deliberately introduce or fix (ideas, etc) into a person's mind
  incredibility
     adj. unlikely to be true; not convincing
       n. tool or instrument
  n.
       v. ~ sb show that sb is involved in sth, esp a crime
     n.  ~ thing that is suggested or implied; thingnot openly stated
        adj.  ~ implied, but not expressed directly; not explicit
      adv: trust sb implicitly
         v. burst or collapse inwards
         v. ask or beg earnestly; beseech
       collapse; bursting inward
           v.  suggest (sth) indirectly rather than state it directly; hint
       adj. not wise; not politic
    adj. of which the effect or importance cannot be measured or estimated
          v. ~ sth ~ sth (into...) bring (goods, ideas, etc) from a foreign country into one's own country
      n.  ~ being important; significance or value
       adj.  ~ very serious and significant; of great value or concern
     The act or practice of bringing from one country into another.
     adj. persistent, esp in making requests or demands
       v.  ~ sb (for sth) ask sb persistently (for sth), usu in an annoying manner; beg or demand insistently
          v.  ~ sth place (a penalty, tax, etc) officially on sb/sth
        adj. impressive in appearance or manner; grand
   n.
      adj.  that cannot be done or exist; not possible
      adv: impossibly difficult
          a tax, esp. a customs duty
        [ impost: ] a tax, esp. a customs duty
        n. person pretending to be sb else, usu in order to deceive others
       n. (action of) deliberately deceiving by pretending to be sb else
        adj.  unable to take effective action; powerless or helpless
         v.  take legal possession of
      v.  make poor
   adj. impossible to put into practice; not practicable
     adj.  not sensible, useful or realistic
   adv.
     n. oath or curse
       adj. not exact or accurate; not correctly or clearly stated; not precise
     n.
     adj. so strong and well-constructed that it cannot be entered orcaptured
      v.  ~ sth cause (one substance) to be filled in every part with another substance; saturate sth
      n. manager or director of a ballet, concert, theatre or opera company
         v.  ~ sb have a favourable effect on sb; make sb feel admiration and respect
       [ impress: ] to make an impression on; have a strong, lasting, or favourable effect on
      n.  ~ deep lasting effect on the mind or feelings of sb
  adj. easily influenced or affected
      adj. having a strong effect on sb, esp through size, grandeur, or importance
      n. official permission to print a book, esp as given by the Roman Catholic Church
         v. ~ sth in/on sth press (sth hard) onto a surface, leaving an impression or mark
        to confine in or as if in prison
     [ imprison: ] to confine in or as if in prison
    n. state of being imprisoned
   n. state of being improbable
      adj. not likely to be true or to happen; not probable
       (plural:  -ties)
       adj. adv without preparation, rehearsal or thought in advance
        adj.  wrong or incorrect
     n. indecent or unsuitable behaviour; dishonest practice
         v.  become better
     n.  ~ action or process of improving; state of being improved
    n.
     adj. not preparing for future needs; wasteful
   an unplanned expedient ; a performance given without planning or preparation
       v.  compose or play (music), speak or act without previous preparation
      to compose, recite, play, or sing extemporaneously
       adj. not wise or discreet; not prudent
       n. being impudent; impudent behaviour or speech
        adj. very rude and disrespectful
          v. express doubts about (sth)
     n. lack of power or effectiveness; weakness
         n.  ~ (to do sth) sudden urge to act without thinking about the results
       n. ~ (fml ) strong urge (to do sth)
       adj. marked by sudden action that is undertaken without careful thought
        n. with impunity with freedom from punishment or injury
          adj.  morally wrong, esp in one's sexual behaviour
        n.  state orquality of being impure
      n. action of imputing; accusation
          v. ~ sth to sb/sthput the responsibility for sth on sb/sth; attributesth to sb/sth ;
              adv. part  (to a position) within a particular area or volume
retrospect    prep. looking back on past events,experiences,ect
themselves    prep.
view of       prep. talking sth into acount; onsidering sth
       n. ~ lack of power, skill or ability; being unable
    adj. ~ very difficult or impossible to reach, approach, or be contacted (by sb); not accessible
      n. being inaccurate
      adj. having errors; not correct or accurate
        adj.  not active; idle
      n.
      n.  being inadequate
      adj.  not sufficient or enough; not good enough for a particular purpose
    adv.
    adj. that cannotbe allowed or admitted, esp in a court of law
    oversight; carelessness
     adj. done without thinking or not deliberately
   adv. by accident; unintentionally
     adj. unwise; not sensible
     adj. that cannot be taken away
       masc. inamorato
           adj. without meaning; silly or stupid
       adj.  not alive, esp in the way that humans and animals are
       lack of vitality or energy ; exhaustion resulting from lack of food
         n. being inane
    adj. ~ that is not relevant or cannot be applied
   adj. ~ not suitable or appropriate (for sb/sth)
           adj. not relevant, appropriate or useful
         [ inapt: ] not apt or fitting; inappropriate
       n. being inapt
    adj.  unable to express one's words, ideas or feelings clearly
        since/because
     n. ~ lack of attention; neglect
     adj. ~ not paying attention (to sb/sth); not attentive
       adj. not loud enough to be heard; not audible
       adj. of or for an inauguration
      v.  ~ sb introduce (a new public official or leader) at a special ceremony
    n. inaugurating or being inaugurated
     n. person who inaugurates sth
    adj. havingsigns which show that future success is unlikely; not favourable
          adj. existing in a person or animal from birth; natural; innate
         directed or moving inward or toward a center
          adj.  natural; innate
    adj.  too large or great to be calculated
   The state of being white or glowing with heat.
    adj. glowing or shining when heated
     n. series of words used as a magic spell or charm
       adj.  ~ of sth/doing sth not able to do sth
    v. ~ sb  make sb unable (to do sth); weaken or disable sb
      n. ~ ~ (for sth/doing sth) lack of ability and necessary strength (to do sth); weakness or inability
     v. ~ sb (fml ) put sb in prison
       adj.  in the physical form of a human being
     n.  person that prominently displays a particular quality
      adj. acting or done without enough care or thought; not cautious; rash ;
      adj.  designed to set buildings, etc on fire
         n. substance that produces a pleasant smell when burnt, used esp in religious ceremonies
       n. ~ thing that encourages sb to do sth; stimulus
       n. start or beginning of sth
       Beginning.
     the state of being unsure of something
       adj. not stopping; continual
     adv: complain incessantly
          n. sexual intercourse betweenpeople who are too closely related to marry, eg brother and sister or father and daughter ,
            n.  measure of length equal to 2.54 cm or one twelfth of a foot 112, 12.54
        Piecemeal.
        adj. just begun and therefore not fully formed or developed
      That which begins, or expresses beginning.
       n.  ~ of sth extent to which sth happens or has an effect
        n.  event or happening,often of minor importance
      adj.  small and relatively unimportant; minor
    adv.  by the way
      v. destroy completely by burning; burn to ashes ;
      beginning to exist or to be apparent
       adj. in its early stages; beginning to happen
          v. make a cut in (a surface)
        n. cutting, esp by a surgeon into the flesh for an operation
        adj. clear and precise; direct or sharp
         n. one of the eight sharp cutting teeth at the front of the mouth
          v.  ~ sb urge or persuade sb to do sth by making him very angry or excited
      n. ~ action that incites certain behaviour
      n.  lack of politeness
      n.
       adj. cold and stormy; bad
     n.  ~ ~ (to do sth) feeling that makes sb want to behave in a particular way; disposition
         v.  ~ towards sth lean or slope in the direction of sth
        adj.  ~ wanting to behave in a particular way; disposed
         v.  have as part of a whole
       n. ~ including or being included
       adj.  ~ including sth; including much or all
     Incapable of being forced, constrained, or compelled.
      adj. thoughtless; inconsiderate.
       adj. , adv with one's true identity hidden; in disguise
     Want of connection, or agreement, as of parts or ideas in thought, speech, etc.
      adj.  not clear or logical
[ incombustible: ] not capable of being burnt; fireproof
   adj. that cannot be burnt
          n. money received over a certain period, esp as payment for work or as interest on investments
  adj.  ~ (to/with sth) not in proportion to sth; inadequate
       v. inconvenience or trouble (sb)
    adj. uncomfortable, usu because too small; inconvenient;
  adj. that cannot be communicated
   adj. , adv without being allowed tocommunicate with other people
 not inclined to talk or give information or express opinions
    adj. too good, great, etc to have an equal; beyond comparison
 n.
    adj.  ~ not able to live or work happily with sb
    n. lack of skill or ability to do a task successfully
     adj.  nothaving or showing the necessary skills to do sth successfully
      adj. not having all its parts; not complete
  n.
adj. that cannot be understood; not comprehensible
 n. failure to understand sth
  adj. that cannot be compressed; unyielding
   adj.  very difficult to believe
   adv. in a way that is very difficult to believe or understand
    adj. not leading to a definite decision, conclusion or result
     not superposable so as to be coincident throughoutnot congruent
     n.  state of being incongruous
     adj. strange because not in harmony with the surrounding features; out of place
 adj. trivial or irrelevant; not important
  adj. small in size or value; not worth considering
   adjnot caring about the feelings of other people; thoughtless; not considerate
   n. quality of being inconsistent
    adj.  ~ not in harmony (with sth); containing parts that do not agree with one another
    adj. that cannot be comforted
    adv: weep inconsolably
     adj. lacking in harmony or compatibility; discordant
   adj. not very noticeable or obvious; not conspicuous
     n.
      adj.  (of people) having feelings and intentions that change often; not faithful
   adj. that cannot be disputed or disagreed with
    n.
     adj.  unable to control the bladder or bowels in passing waste matter from the body
adj. so obvious and certain that it cannot be disputed or denied
adv: incontrovertibly true
   n. trouble, difficulty or discomfort
    adj. causing trouble, difficulty or discomfort; awkward
     v.  ~ sth (in/into sth) make sth part of a whole; include
   n. incorporating or being incorporated
     adj. without a body or material form
       adj.  not correct or true
     adv: answer incorrectly
 cannot be cured or corrected
    adj. that cannot be corrected or improved
   adj.  unable to be corrupted morally, eg with bribes
        v. ~ (from A) (to B) become or make (sth) greater in number, quantity, size, etc
    adv. more and more
      adj.  impossible to believe
     a tendency to disbelief
     adj. not willing or able to believe; showing disbelief
       n. increase, esp in money paid as a salary; added amount
     adj. incremental increases
     v. make appear to be guilty of wrongdoing
   adj. tending to incriminate sb
    n.  formation of a hard outer covering; encrusting ;
        v.  keep (eggs) warm, usu by sitting on them, until they hatch
      n.  hatching
       n. boxlike apparatus for hatching eggs by artificial warmth or for rearing small, weak babies
         n. male evil spirit formerly supposed to have sex with a sleeping woman
       v. ~ sth ~ sb with sth (fml ) fix (ideas, principles, etc) firmly in sb's mind, esp by repetition
       vt. to incriminate
      n. position of an incumbent
       adj.  ~ on/upon sb necessary as part of sb's duty
           v. cause oneself to suffer (sth bad); bring upon oneself
       adj. that cannot be cured
       adv: incurably ill, stupid, optimistic
     [ incurious: ] adj. not curious; indifferent or uninterested
       adj. having no curiosity; not inquisitive ;
       n. ~ (into/on/upon sth)  sudden attack on or invasion of a place (not usu made in order to occupy it permanently)
        adj. ~ to sb owing money or gratitude to sb
    n.
       n.  being indecent; indecent behaviour
  adj. that cannot be deciphered
      n. ~ state of being unable to decide; hesitation
      adj. not final or conclusive
  [ indecisive: ] (of a person) vacillating; irresolute
      adj. not in accordance with dignity, good manners or good taste
          adv.  truly; really; certainly ; . (used to emphasize an affirmative reply )
not easily exhaustible; tirelessness
   adj. never giving up or stopping in spite of tiredness or difficulty; tireless
    adj. that cannot be defended, justified or excused
    adv: indefensibly rude
     adj. that cannot be defined
      adj.  not clearly defined or stated; vague
    adv: You may have to wait indefinitely
    [ indelible: ] incapable of being erased or obliterated
       adj. that cannot be rubbed out or removed
      adj. (of a person, his speech, behaviour,etc) lacking in tact or refinement; rather rude or embarrassing
 n.  indemnifying or being indemnified
       v.  ~ sb (from/against sth) (law or commerce ) promise to compensate sb for any harm he may suffer
       n.  ~ guarantee against damage or loss; compensationfor these
          v.  make a mark or set of marks by cutting into the edge or surface of (sth)
     n.  indenting or being indented
        [ indent: ] to place (written or printed matter, etc.) in from the margin, as at the beginning of a paragraph
       v. ~ sb contract sb to work as an apprentice
    n. ~ state of being independent
     adj.  ~ not dependent (on other people or things); not controlled (by other people or things)
   adv: Scientists in different countries, working independently of each other, have come up with very similar results
   adj. too bad or good to be described
   adv: indescribably beautiful, awful, filthy, etc
  adj. that cannot be destroyed
   adj. not fixed or exact; vague; indefinite
           n. list of names or topics referred to in a book, etc, usu arranged at the end in alphabetical order
           a republic in S Asia: history dates from the Indus Valley civilization (3rd millennium b.c.)
          n, adj  of the Republic of India
        That which points out.
        v.  ~ sth (to sb) show sth, esp by pointing
      n.  indicating or being indicated
      adj.  stating a fact or asking questions of fact
       n.  person or thing that points out or gives information
         pl of index
          v. ~ sb (law ) accuse sb officially (of sth); charge sb
        [ indict: ] to charge (a person) with crime, esp. formally in writing; accuse
      n.  ~ (against sb) written statement that indicts sb
    n. ~ state of being indifferent; absence of interest, feeling or reaction
     adj.  ~ having no interest in sb/sth; neither for nor against sb/sth; not caring about sb/sth
   adv: He nodded indifferently. * The team played indifferently today
       n. poverty
      adj. ~ (fml ) belonging naturally (to a place); native
        adj. poor
    adj. difficultor impossible to digest
     n. difficulty in digesting food
       adj. ~ (at/over/about sth) angry and scornful, esp at injustice or because of undeserved blame, etc
     adv.
     n. ~ (at/over/about sth) anger caused by sth thought to be unjust, unfair, etc
       n.  rude or unworthy treatment causing shame or loss of respect
          n.  deep blue dye
        adj.  not going in a straight line; circuitous
      adv.
    n.
   adj. that cannot be discerned
      adj. too open in what one says or does; lacking tact or caution
    n.  indiscreet conduct; lack of discretion ;
  adj. ~ (in sth) acting without careful judgement
absolutely necessary:ESSENTIAL
   Necessary or requisite for the purpose.
       to make unwilling or opposed; disincline
      adj.  (slightly) ill
   n.  slight illness; ill health ;
    adj. that cannot be disputed or denied
    adv: indisputably the best tennis player in the world
    adj. that cannot be dissolved or broken up; firm and lasting
      adj. not distinct; vague
adj. ~ that cannot be identified as different or distinct; (virtually) identical
          write; compose
      adj.  single; separate
   n.  feeling or behaviour of a person who likes to do things his/her own way, regardless of what other people do
   n.  all the characteristics that belong to a particular person and that make him/her different from others
   to make or mark as individual or distinctive in character
  [ individualize: ] to make or mark as individual or distinctive in character
     adj. that cannot be divided
        ungovernable ; uncontrollable
    v. ~ sb (usu derog ) cause sb to have (a particular set of beliefs), esp by teaching which excludes any other points of view
  n. ~ indoctrinating
       laziness
        adj. lazy; inactive ;
     adj. that cannot be subdued or defeated; unyielding
          adj. carried on or situated inside a building; used in or suitable for the inside of a building
         inside or into a house or other buildin
     adj. that cannot be doubted; without doubt ;
     adv: That is indubitably the best course of action
          v.  persuade or influence (sb) to do sth
      n. ~ that which persuades; incentive
          v. ~ sb install sb formally or with ceremony in a position or an office; admit sb as a member of sth
       n.  ~ inducting or being inducted; initiation
       adj.  based on induction
         v.  ~ oneself/sb (with sth) allow oneself/sb to have whatever one/he likes or wants
      n.  state of being allowed whatever one wants
       adj. inclined to indulge
        to make hard
      adj.  of or engaged in industry
[ industrialize: ] vt. to develop industry on an extensive scale in (a country, region, et)
   vt. to develop industry on an extensive scale in (a country, region, et)
     adj. hard-working; diligent ;
 constantly, regularly, or habitually occupied
        n.  (branch of) manufacture or production
       adj. n habitually drunk (person)
      adj. drunk; intoxicated
     n. drunkenness
       habitual intoxication
        adj. not suitable to be eaten
       adj. too great to be described in words
    indelible; permanent
     adj. not producing the required effect
 n.
     adj. lacking confidence and unable to get things done; without effect
   nou
    That which does not accomplish an intended purpose.
     adj.  not producing adequate results; wasteful
   adv.
       adj. not flexible or adaptable; unyielding
    [ inelastic: ] not elastic; not resilient
       adj. not graceful or refined; ugly
   n.
      adj. ~ not having the appropriate or necessary qualifications (for sth)
     adj. that cannot be escaped from
           adj. ~ (at sth/doing sth) completely unskilful (at sth)
      n. quality of being inept
         adv.
      n. lack of equality in size, degree, circumstances, etc, esp unfair difference in rank, wealth, opportunity, etc
        n. injustice or unfairness
    adj. that cannot be got rid of; firmly and deeply established
       (christianity) exemption from error
           adj.  without power to move or act
         n.  lack of vigour; lethargy
        adj. of or by inertia
     adj. that cannot be avoided; inevitable
     adv.
     not necessary
     adj. too great, precious, etc to be estimated
   n.
      adj.  that cannot be avoided; that is sure to happen
      adv. as is or was sure to happen
         adj. not exact or precise
     adj. too bad to be excused
     adv: inexcusably rude, late, etc
   adj. that will always continue; that cannot be used up
      adj. continuing unstoppably; relentless
     adj. not serving a useful purpose; unwise; not expedient
     adj. low priced; not expensive ;
    n. ~ lack of experience
   adj. ~ lacking experience
      adj. (of an offence) so bad that nothing one can do can make up for it; that cannot be expiated
    adj. that cannot be explained
    adv: Inexplicably, she never turned up. ,
      adj. not explicit, clear, or precise; vague
   adj. too great to be expressed in words
   adv: inexpressibly sad
    adj.  so closely linked that separation is impossible
    adv: Her career was inextricably linked with his
   n.  complete freedom from the possibility of being wrong
      adj.  incapable of making mistakes or doing wrong
      adv.  in a manner that cannot fail
        adj.  ~ well-known as being wicked or immoral; notorious
          n.  infamousbehaviour; wickedness ;
          n.  child during the first few years of life
       adj.  of infants or infancy
        n. soldiers who fight on foot
       to cause to be foolish:deprive of sound judgment
      adj. ~ (usu derog ) (temporarily) filled with an intense but usu foolish love
     n. ~ being infatuated
          to cause infection in; contaminate (an organism, wound, etc.) with pathogenic microorganisms
       n.  ~ becoming ill through contact with bacteria, etc
      adj.  caused by bacteria, etc that are passed on from one person to another
    not appropriate in application or expression
      the state or quality of being unhappy or unfortunate
           v. ~ sth (from sth) reach (an opinion) from facts or reasoning; conclude sth
       [ infer: ] to conclude (a state of affairs, supposition, etc.) by reasoning from evidence; deduce
       n.  process of inferring
        adj. ~ low(er) in rank, social position, importance, quality, etc
     n. state of being inferior
        adj.  of hell
      adv: infernally rude
         n.  place or situation like hell, esp in being full of horror and confusion
        [ infer: ] to conclude (a state of affairs, supposition, etc.) by reasoning from evidence; deduce
       adj. not fertile; barren
     n.
          To be present in such numbers as to be a source of annoyance, trouble, or danger.
     n. infesting or being infested
         n. person with no belief in a religion, esp in what is considered to be the true religion ,
      n. (act of) disloyalty or unfaithfulness, esp adultery
      v.  ~ (into sth) (of liquids, gases, etc) pass slowly by filtering; penetrate
    n.  ~ (into sth) infiltrating or being infiltrated
     n. person who infiltrates
        adj. without limits; endless
      adv.  to an infinite degree
   adj. extremelysmall
        n.  state of being endless or boundless; infinite nature
          adj.  physically weak
       n.  hospital
       n. weakness
         v. ~ sb/sth cause sb/sth to become angry or over-excited
        adj. ~  (of a part of the body) red, hot and sore (eg because of infection)
     adj.  that can be set on fire
    n. condition in which a part of the body is red, swollen and sore or itchy, esp because of infection
    adj.  tending to make people angry or over-excited
      adj. that can be or must be inflated
         v.  ~ sth (with sth) fill (a tyre, balloon, etc) with air or gas
        adj.  filled with air, gas, etc
       n.  process of inflating (inflate 1a); being inflated ;
   n.
      adj. that cannot be bent or turned
         v.  ~ sth cause (a blow, penalty, etc) to be suffered (by sb)
      n. inflicting or being inflicted
       n.  ~ power to produce an effect; action of natural forces
     adj.  ~ having influence; persuasive
          n. ~ arrival of people or things, esp suddenly and in large numbers or quantities
          v.  ~ sb give sb knowledge (of sth); tell sb
        adj.  not formal; without formality
     n.  being informal
      adv: They told me informally that I had got the job.
     n.  informing or being informed
        adj. having or showing knowledge
        n. person who informs, esp against a criminal or fugitive ,
      n. breaking of a rule, law, etc  ,
        the part of the electromagnetic spectrum with a longer wavelength than light but a shorter wavelength than radio waves; radiation with wavelength between 0.8 micrometres and 1 millimetre
  n. subordinate parts, installations, etc that form the basis of a system, an organization or an enterprise (eg of an army)  ,
     Rareness.
      adj. not frequent; rare
    adv.
        v.  break (a rule, an agreement, etc)
    n. infringing or being infringed
       v. make extremely angry
      [ infuriate: ] vt. to anger; annoy
   adv: Infuriatingly, I just missed my plane. ,
          v.  ~ sth into sb/sth; ~ sb/sth with sth put into sb/sth; fill sb/sth with (a quality) ;
        n.  ~ of sth infusing a quality or being infused into sb/sth
       adj. ~ (at sth/doing sth) (of a person) clever at finding new or simple solutions for complex problems
   [ ingenious: ] possessing or done with ingenuity; skilful or clever
         n. simple innocent girl, esp as portrayed in plays, films, etc
       n. cleverness and originality in solving problems
       adj. not attempting to deceive or conceal; open; innocent
          v.  take (food, etc) into the body, typically by swallowing ,
       [ ingest: ] to take (food or liquid) into the body
      adj.  shameful; ignominious
         to impress deeply on the mind or nature; instil
       adj.  deeply fixed; thorough
         ungrateful person
      to become popular with
    adj. attempting to please, flatter or gain favour
    [ ingratiate: ] to place (oneself) purposely in the favour (of another)
     n. lack of gratitude
      n.  any of the foods that are combined to make a particular dish
         n. going in; (right of) entrance
         v. live in (sth); occupy
     adj. that can be lived in
      n. person or animal living in a place
      the act of inhaling; breathing in of air or other vapours
          v. ~ sth breathe sth in
       The state of being permanently existing in something.
        adj. ~ existing as a natural or permanent feature or quality of sb/sth
      adv: a design which is inherently weak
         v. ~ sth  receive (property, a title, etc) as a result of the death of the previous owner
       n. person who inherits
         v.  ~ sb prevent sb from doing sth that should be natural or easy to do
       adj. (of people) unable to relax or express one's feelings in a natural and spontaneous way
      n.  inhibiting or being inhibited
       Also called: inhibiter  a person or thing that inhibits
    adj. (of people) not giving a friendly or polite welcome to guests
         adj. lacking normal human qualities of kindness, pity, etc; extremely cruel or brutal
        adj. insensitive to the suffering of others; cruel
          To place in the earth, as a dead body.
        adj. ~ (fml )  unfriendly; hostile
      adj. impossible to imitate; too good, clever, etc to imitate
      adj.  very wicked or unjust
        n.  (rhet ) wickedness and unjustness
         adj. of or at the beginning; first
       adv. at the beginning; at first
        v.  put (a scheme, etc) into operation; cause (sth) to begin
      n.  action taken to resolve a difficulty
          v.  ~ sth ~ sb/sth (with sth) force (a drug or other liquid) into sb/sth with a syringe or similar implement
       n. ~ (into sb/sth)  injecting
      n. official order, esp a written order from a lawcourt, demanding that sth shall or shall not be done
          v. hurt (sb); harm
       adj.  ~ (to sb/sth) causing or likely to cause injury; harmful
          n. ~  physical harm to a living being
       n.  lack of justice
             n.  coloured liquid for writing, drawing and printing
         n. ~ slight knowledge (of sth secret or not previously known); hint
            adj.  made dirty with ink
          adj.  situated in the interior of a country, not by the sea or by a frontier
           n.  strip of water extending into the land from the sea or a lake, or between islands ,
          adj.  most inward; furthest from the surface
             n. public house or small old hotel where lodgings, drink and meals may be had, now usu in the country ,
          adj. in one's nature; possessed from birth
           adj.  inside
       n. ~ quality or state of being innocent(1, 4, 5)
        adj.  ~ not guilty (of wrongdoing)
       adj.  causing no harm
        v. make changes; introduce new things
      n. innovating
      adj. introducing or using new ideas, techniques, etc
       n. person who innovates
        n. (derog ) indirect reference (usu suggesting sth bad or discreditable about sb)
     adj. too many to be counted
       v. ~ sb (against sth) inject sb with a mild form of a disease, so that he will not catch the disease itself
     n. ~ (against sth) inoculating or being inoculated
     adj. not giving offence; not objectionable
     adj. not appropriate or convenient
      adj. beyond proper or normal limits; excessive
       adj.  not composed of living substances
           n. ~  action of putting sth in
         n. ~  official inquiry to discover facts, esp about a death which may not have been the result of natural causes ,
      n. uneasiness of mind; anxiety ;
         v.  ~ sth (of sb) ask to be told sth (by sb)
         n. ~ (about/concerning sb/sth) (fml ) request for help or information (about sb/sth)
     n.  the Inquisitionorganization appointed by the Roman Catholic Church to suppress heresy (esp from the 15th to the 17th century) , 1517
     adj. fond of inquiring into other people's affairs
      n. investigator, esp an officer of the Inquisition
   adj. of or like an inquisitor
          n.  ~ (into sth) sudden attack on another's territory; raid
          n. rushing in (of sth); sudden arrival in large numbers
    adj. unhealthy
     [ insalubrious: ] nou
          adj. not sane; mad; senseless
        n. madness; being mad
      adj. ~ that cannot be satisfied; very greedy
        v. ~ A ~ B (with A) write (words, one's name, etc) on or in sth, esp as a formal or permanent record
     n. words written on sth, cut in stone or stamped on a coin or medal
  n.
     adj. that cannot be understood or known; mysterious
          n.  type of small animal having six legs, no backbone and a body divided into three parts (head, thorax and abdomen)
     n. substance used for killing insects
        adj.  not secure or safe; not providing good support; that cannot be relied on
      n.
      v. put sperm into either naturally or artificially
    n. inseminating
       adj.  without the power to feel or experience
   n.  unconsciousness
      adj.  unconscious as the result of injury, illness, etc
     adj.  not realizing or caring how other people feel, and therefore likely to offend them
   n.
      Lacking the power of feeling or perceiving.
     adj. ~ that cannot be separated
          v. ~ sth put, fit, place sth into sth or between two things
       n.  ~ inserting or being inserted
          n.  inner side or surface; part within
         n. person who, as a member of a group or an organization, is able to obtain information not available to others ; . insider `dealing buying or selling with the help of information known only by those connected with the business
       adj. spreading or acting gradually and unnoticed but with harmful effects
         n. ~  (approv ) ability to see into the true nature (of sth); deep understanding
      adj. showing insight
        n. symbols of rank or authority, eg the crown and sceptre of a king or queen
  Lack of import or of importance.
   adj. having little or no value, use, meaning or importance
       adj. not sincere
     n.
       v.  ~ sth suggest sth (to sb) unpleasantly and indirectly
         adj.  having almost no taste or flavour
          v.  ~ demand (sth) forcefully, not accepting a refusal
      n. ~ (about/on sth); ~ (that...)
       adj. ~ ~ (that...) tending to insist; not allowing refusal or opposition
     adv.
        to expose to sunlight, as for bleaching
       n. ~ being insolent
        adj. ~ extremely rude, esp in expressing contempt
      adv.
       adj.  that cannot be dissolved; not soluble
      bankruptcy; lack of ability to repay debts
       adj. unable to pay debts; bankrupt ;
        n. inability to sleep
       n. person who finds it difficult to go to sleep
     n. state of being unconcerned, esp in a light-hearted way; nonchalance ;
      lighthearted unconcern:NONCHALANCE
         v.  examine (sth) closely
      n.  inspecting or being inspected
       n.  official who inspects eg schools, factories, mines
     n.  ~ stimulation of the mind, feelings, etc to do sth beyond a person's usual ability, esp creative ability in art, literature, music, etc; state or quality of being inspired
   adj. providing inspiration
         v.  ~ sb fill sb with the ability or urge to do, feel, etc sth beyond his usual ability, esp to write, paint, compose, etc
        adj.  filled with creative power
     n. lack of stability
         v.  ~ sth fix equipment, furniture, etc inposition for use, esp by making the necessary connectionswith the supply of electricity, water, etc
    n.  installing or being installed
     [ instalment: ] one of the portions, usually equal, into which a debt is divided for payment at specified intervals over a fixed period
      n.  any one of the separate but connected parts in which a story is presented over a period of time
        n.  ~ particular occurrence of sth that happens generally or several times; example; case
         adj.  coming or happening at once
   adj. happening or done immediately
       adv. at once; immediately
         to set or establish in a rank or office:INSTALL
         adv. as an alternative or replacement
       v. cause to begin or happen; initiate
     n. instigating or being instigated
      n. person who instigates
          v. ~ sth (in/into sb) cause sb gradually to acquire (a particular desirable quality)
         to impart gradually
        n. ~ ~ (to do sth)  natural inborn tendency to behave in a certain way without reasoning or training
     adj. based on instinct; not coming from training or based on reasoning
       n. society or organization for a special (usu social, professional or educational) purpose
     the act of instituting
   of, relating to, or characteristic of institutional [
to subject to the deleterious effects of confinement in an institution
[ institutionalize: ] [tr; often passive]  to subject to the deleterious effects of confinement in an institution
        to direct to do something; order
     n.  ~ process of teaching; knowledge or teaching given
   adj. giving instruction; educational
     adj. giving much useful information
      someone who instructs; teacher
      n.  implement or apparatus used in performing an action, esp for delicate or scientific work
    adj.  ~ in doing sth being the means of bringing sth about
 n. player of a musical instrument
 n.  arrangement of music for instruments
   adj. disobedient; rebellious ;
 n. being insubordinate
   adj.  not solid or real; imaginary
    adj.  too extreme to be tolerated; unbearable
   a lack of competence ; (pathology) inability of a bodily part or organ to function normally
    adj. ~ not sufficient
         adj.  of an island
      n. state of being insular
        v.  ~ (from/against sth) (with sth) protect (sth) by covering it with a material that prevents sth (esp heat, electricity or sound) from passing through
      n. insulating or (state of) being insulated
       n. substanceor device for insulating, esp a porcelain support for bare electric wires and cables
         n. substance produced in the pancreas, controlling the absorption of sugar by the body
          v. speak or act in a way that hurts or is intended to hurt the feelings or dignity of be extremely rude to (sb)
       adj. uttering or being an insult
     adj. (of difficulties) that cannot be overcome
  Incapable of being concealed.
       n.  ~ (contract made by a company or society, or by the state, to provide a) guarantee of compensation for loss, damage, sickness, death, etc in return for regular payment
          v. ~ sb/sth make a contract that promises to pay sb an amount of money in case of accident, injury, death, etc, or damage to or loss of sth
         covered by insurance
      Uprising.
       adj. in revolt; rebellious
  adj. (of obstacles, difficulties, etc) that cannot be overcome
    n.  sudden,usu violent, action taken by the population to try to remove the government
 adj. of or taking part in an insurrection
          adj. undamaged; complete
        n.  (process or technique of) carving deeply into stone or metal
          n.  process of taking liquid, gas, etc into a machine, etc ,
      adj.  that cannot be clearly or definitely understood or grasped; indefinable
        adj.  ~ necessary for completeness
       v. ~ sth (into sth); ~ A and B/~ A with B combine sth in such a way that it becomes fully a part of sth else
      adj. with various parts fitting well together
     [ integrate: ] to make or be made into a whole; incorporate or be incorporate
     n. ~ integrating or being integrated
       n.  quality of being honest and morally upright
      n. (usu natural) outer covering, eg a skin, husk, rind or shell ,
       n.  power of the mind to reason and acquire knowledge
    adj.  of the intellect
 [ intellectual: ] of or relating to the intellect, as opposed to the emotions
  [ intellectual: ] of or relating to the intellect, as opposed to the emotions
    n.  power of learning, understanding and reasoning; mental ability
     adj. having or showing intelligence
  n. the intelligentsia those people within a community who areof high intelligence and concern themselves with mattersof culture, learning, etc; intellectuals as a class ;
 n. quality of being intelligible
    adj. that can be understood
    Immoderate action or indulgence, as of the appetites.
     adj. showing lack of self-control
          v.  ~ sth (as sth) have (a particular purpose or plan) in mind; mean
        adj.  planned; meant; desired
         adj.  (of sensations) very great or severe; extreme
 n.
       v. (cause sth to) become more intense or intensive
       The act of stringing or stretching, or state of being strained.
       n.  state or quality of being intense
       adj.  concentrating all one's effort on a specific area
     adv.
          adj.  full of eager interest and concentration
       n. ~ (of doing sth/that...) that which one proposes or plans to do
     adj. done on purpose; not accidental; intended
   adv. deliberately
           v. (fml ) put (a corpse) in a grave or tomb; bury
        v.  ~ act or have an effect on each other
     n. ~ (among/between sb/sth); ~ (with sb/sth) interacting; co-operation
       v.  ~ (with sb) (for/on behalf of sb) plead (with sb) to be merciful (to sb)
       v. stop or catch before he or it can reach a destination
    n. interceding
     v.  ~ sth (of two people, etc) give sth to and receive sth from each other; exchange
 adj. ~ that can be interchanged, esp without affecting the way in which sth works
    v. ~  be connected with each other
 n. connecting two or more things together
adj. between continents
     n. ~ ~ (between sb and sb) (fml )  = sexual intercourse (sexual)
 n.
  adj. depending on each other
       v.  (esp law ) prohibit (an action); forbid the use of (sth) ;
    n. interdicting
adj. of or covering more than one area of study
        n. ~ state of wanting to learn or know (about sb/sth); curiosity; concern
     adj. holding the attention; arousing curiosity
       n.  surface common to two areas
       v.  ~ ~ (between sb and sb) concern oneself with or take action affecting sb else's affairs without the right to do so or being invited to do so
    n.  ~ interfering
         n. in the interimduring the time that comes between; meantime
        n.  inner part; inside
       v. ~ sth make (a sudden remark) that interrupts what sb else is saying
    n. word or phrase used as an exclamation (eg Oh!, Hurray! or For goodness sake!) , !!!
       v. ~ (with sth) (cause things to) be joined by weaving or lacing together; cross (one thing with another) as if woven
       v. ~ (with sth) fit (things which are joined together) firmly so they do not come apart
    [ interlock: ] to join or be joined firmly, as by a mutual interconnection of parts
    n. person taking part in a conversation or discussion
       one that intrudes in a place or sphere of activity
      n. person who is present in a place where he does not belong, interferes in sth which is not his affair, etc; intruder
       n.  short period of time separating the parts of a play, film, etc; interval
   n. such marriage
    n. ~ person who acts as a means of communication between two or more others
    adj. ~ situated or coming between two people, things, etc in time, space, degree, etc
       n. burying of a dead body
      n. (music ) short composition to be played between the acts of a drama or an opera, or one that comes between the main movements of a symphony or some other large work
    adj. going on too long, and usu therefore annoying or boring
    adv: We had to wait interminably
     v. ~ (with sb/sth) (cause people, ideas, substances, etc to) mix together
    n. period of time during which sth stops before continuing; interval; pause
        To cause to cease temporarily.
    adj. continually stopping and then starting again; not constant
  adv.
          v. ~ sb put sb (eg a terrorist or sb from an enemy country) in prison, a camp, etc, esp during a war and without trial   ,
        adj.  of or on the inside
      adv: medicine that is not to be taken internally, ie not swallowed  * a theory which is not internally consistent
   adj. of, carried on by or existing between two or more nations
 adv: an internationally known pianist
         = intern2
     adj. causing destruction to both sides
        n. person who is interned
      n.
  adj. between planets
       n. ~ way in which two or more things have an effect on each other; interaction
     v. ~ sth (fml )  make (a remark, etc) which interrupts a conversation, speech, etc
   n. interpolating or being interpolated
       v.  ~ sb/sth (between A and B) place sb/sth between others
   n. interposing or being interposed
       v.  explain (sth which is not easily understandable)
   [ interpret: ] vt. to clarify or explain the meaning of; elucidate
  n. interpreting
  adj. (Brit)(also esp US interpretive / In5t\
     n. person who gives a simultaneous translation of words spoken in another language
    [ interpretative: ] adj. of, involving, or providing interpretation; expository
     n.  period when a state has no normal or lawful ruler, esp at the end of a sovereign's reign and before the appointment of a successor
     v. ~ (with sth) (cause parts, etc to) be connected very closely so that they have an effect on each other
    adj. mutually related
   interrelationship ns ~ mutual relationship
     v. ~ sb question sb aggressively or closely and for a long time
   n. interrogating or being interrogated
   adj.  asking or seeming to ask a question; inquiring
   adj. interrogative(1)
       v.  break the continuity of temporarily
     broken, discontinued, or hindered
    n. interrupting or being interrupted
       v.  divide by going across it
    n.  intersecting or being intersected
     v. ~ B among/between/in/throughout A; ~ A with B vary sth by placing other things at irregular intervals among it
      adj. between states, esp in the USA
    adj. between the stars
      n. ~ (of/between/in sth) (fml ) very small gap or crack
      v. ~ (with sth) be twisted so as to become joined; twist (things) so as to join them
        n.  ~ time between two events
       A low tract of land between hills, especially along a river.
       v.  (of time) come or be between
    n. ~ (instance of) interfering or becoming involved, eg to prevent sth happening
       n. ~  meeting at which sb (eg sb applying for a job) is asked questions to find out if he is suitable
      v.  ~ (sth) (with sth) be woven or weave (sth) together
       n. condition of being intestate
       adj. not having made a will before death occurs
      adj. of the intestines
       n. long tube in the body which helps to digest food and carries it from the stomach to the anus
        n.  state of being intimate; close friendship or relationship ;
        adj.  ~ having or being a very close and friendly relationship
      n. intimating
      v. ~ sb frighten sb (in order to make him do sth)
    adj. frightening, esp because of seeming difficulty or impossibility
    n. intimidating or being intimidated
            prep  (moving) to a point within (an enclosed space or volume)
     adj. too bad to be borne or endured
     adv: intolerably rude
     Inability or unwillingness to bear or endure.
      adj.  not tolerant
      n.  intoning
      n. intoxicating substance, esp alcoholic drink
      To make drunk.
   Occurring or situated within a cell.
     adj. not easily controlled or dealt with; hard to manage
      adj.  intended for full-time students living within a college
   state of stubborn; unwillingness to compromise
    adj. unwilling to change one's views or be co-operative; stubborn
    adj. (of verbs) used without an object
      adj. within one state, esp of the USA
     adj. within a vein or veins
        adj. fearless; brave
     n. fearlessness
    [ intrepid: ] "intre'pidity, in'trepidness noun
       n. quality of being inticate
       adj. made up of many small parts put together in a complex way, and therefore difficult to follow or understand
     adv.
        v.  ~ (against sb) make and carry out secret plans or plots to do sth bad
       [ intrigue: ] vt. to make interested or curious
      adj. full of interest, esp because unusual; fascinating
       adj. belonging naturally; existing within, not coming from outside
   adv: He is not intrinsically bad
       v.  ~ sb make sb known formally to sb else by giving the person's name, or by giving each person's name to the other
    n.  ~ formal presentation of one person to another, in which each is told the other's name
    adj. acting as an introduction
   Entrance.
        To insert.
      v. examine or be concerned with one's own thoughts, feelings and motives
   n. introspecting
   adj. inclined to introspect
    n. state of being introverted
       n. person who is more interested in his own thoughts and feelings than in things outside himself, and is often shy and unwilling to speak or join in activities with others
     adj. having the quality of an introvert
         v. ~ on/upon sb/sth; ~ (oneself/sth) into sth (esp fml ) put (oneself/sth) into a place or situation where one/it is unwelcome or unsuitable
       n. ~ intruding
       adj. intruding
          v. sense (sth) by intuition
       n.  (power of) understanding things (eg a situation, sb's feelings) immediately, without the need for conscious reasoning or study
     [ intuition: ] knowledge or belief obtained neither by reason nor by perception
       adj. of or coming from intuition
     adv: He seemed to know intuitively how to do it
    n. (process or condition of) swelling
        v.  ~ sth(fml ) cover sth with water by overflowing; flood
      n. (instance of) flooding
           to accustom to accept something undesirable
          accustomed to/adapted
          v.  ~ (sth) (with sth) enter (a country or territory) with armed forces in order to attack, damage or occupy it
         adj.  not properly based or able to be upheld by reasoning
      v. make invalid
      adj. ~ of value too high to be measured; extremely valuable
      adj. never changing; always the same; constant
      adv: She invariably arrives late
      [ invariant: ] (Maths)  an entity, quantity, etc., that is unaltered by a particular transformation of coordinates
        n. invading or being invaded
        adj. tending to spread harmfully
       n. violent attack in words; abusive language
         v. ~ against sb/sth attack sb or sth violently in words
        v. ~ sb into sth/doing sth persuade sb to go somewhere or do sth by using flattery and deception
          v.  make or design (sth that did not exist before); create by thought
       n.  action of inventing
       adj.  of or for invention
   [ inventive: ] skilled or quick at contriving; ingenious; resourceful
        n. person who invents things
       n. detailed list, eg of goods, furniture, jobs to be done
         adj. reversed in position, direction or relation
       adv: inversely proportional to each other
       n. inverting or being inverted; instance of this
          v. put upside down or in the opposite order, position or arrangement
    n, adj not having a backbone or spinal column
        [ invert: ] to turn or cause to turn upside down or inside out
          v.  ~ (in sth/with sb) use (money) to buy shares, property, etc, in order to earn interest or bring profit
     v.  find out and examine in order to obtain the truth
   n. investigating or being investigated
   adjs. of or concerned with investigating
    n. person who investigates
     n. ceremony of conferring an office, a rank or power on sb
      n.  ~ investing of money
        n. person who invests money
      adj.  (of bad feelings, habits, etc) that have lasted a long time and seem likely to continue
    adv.
       adj. likely to cause resentment or unpopularity
      v. ~ (Brit) be present during (an examination) to make sure that it is properly conducted, that no cheating occurs, etc
    n. invigilating or being invigilated
     n. person who invigilates
      v. make feel more lively and healthy
     [ invigorate: ] to give vitality and vigour to; animate; brace; refresh
    adj. that invigorates
    [ invigorate: ] to give vitality and vigour to; animate; brace; refresh
      adj. too strong to be overcome or defeated
      adj. that must not be violated or dishonoured
       adj. ~ (fml ) that has not been or cannot be violated or harmed
       adj.  ~ that cannot be seen; not visible
      n.  inviting or being invited
          v.  ~ sb ask sb in a friendly way to go somewhere or do sth
        adj. tempting; attractive
      => invoke
         n. ~ (commerce ) list of goods sold or services provided with the price(s) charged, esp sent as a bill
          v.  use (sth) as a reason for one's action
     adj. done without intention; done unconsciously
        adj.  complex or intricate
       [ involute: ] complex, intricate, or involved
      Complication.
         v.  make necessary as a condition or result; entail
        adj.  complicated in thought or form
     n.
    adj.  ~ that cannot be wounded, hurt or damaged by attack
          adj.  situated within; inner
        adv.  in mind or spirit
          n.  non-metallic element found in sea water and seaweed .
             n. electrically charged particle resulting from the breakdown of atoms through solution in water and making this solution a conductor of electricity
          verb  to change or become changed into ions
            n.  the Greek letter I, i I, i
    n. tendency to become angry; angry behaviour ;
       adj. (of a person) easily made angry
           adj. angry
             n. anger
     a lustrous rainbowlike play of color caused by differential refraction of light waves (as from an oil slick, soap bubble, or fish scales) that tends to change as the angle of view changes
      adj.  showing colours like those of the rainbow
            n.  coloured part round the pupil of the eye .
             v. be tiresome to (sb); annoy
         adj. tiresome; annoying
            n.  common hard silver-white metallic element capable of being magnetized and used in various forms
        so firm or secure as to be unbreakable:as  a:BINDING
          adj. using or expressing irony; full of irony
      adv.  in an ironic manner
        n. things made of iron, eg gratings, rails, railings
       n. ; place where iron is smelted or where heavy iron goods are made
           n.  expression of one's meaning by saying the direct opposite of one's thoughts in order to be emphatic, amusing, sarcastic, etc
      Luster.
       v.  ~ sth (with sth) send rays of light upon sth; subject sth to sunlight, ultraviolet rays or radioactivity ;
     the act or process of irradiating or the state of being irradiated
     impossible to eradicate : DEEP-ROOTED
      adj.  not guided by reason; illogical or absurd
   n.
    adv.
  adj. ~ (with sb/sth) (of people) that cannot be reconciled
    adj.  (of government annuities, bonds, shares, etc) that cannot be terminated by repayment ,
    adv. (fml )
     adj.  that cannot be reduced or made smaller
    not to be disproved; indisputable
     adj. that cannot be proved false
     adv: irrefutably the greatest living violinist
       adj. ~  not regular in shape, arrangement, etc; uneven
    n.  state or quality of being irregular
     adv.
     n. state of being irrelevant
      adj. ~ not connected (with sth); not relevant (to sth)
     adj. feeling no interest in, or feeling hostile to, religion; irreverent
    adj. that cannot be remedied or corrected
    adv.
     adj. that cannot be put right, restored or repaired
   adj. that cannot be held back or controlled
  adj. freefrom blame or fault
    adj.  too strong tobe resisted
      adj. feeling or showing uncertainty; hesitating ;
  [ irresolute: ] adj. lacking resolution; wavering; hesitating
    irrespective of prep not taking account of or considering
n.
   adj. not showing a proper sense of responsibility
   adj. that cannot be retrieved or remedied
     The quality showing or expressing a deficiency of veneration, especially for sacred things.
      adj. feeling or showing no respect for sacred things
    adj. that cannot be reversed or revoked; unalterable
     adj. that cannot be changed or revoked; final
        v.  supply with water (by means of streams, reservoirs, channels, pipes, etc)
      n.
    n.
       adj. easily annoyed or made angry; touchy ;
        adj. causing irritation; irritating
        v.  make angry, annoyed or impatient
      [ irritate: ] to annoy or anger (someone)
      n. irritating or being irritated
          to enter forcibly or suddenly
       n. ~ (into sth)sudden and violent entry; bursting in
           n.  Muslimreligion, based on the teaching of the prophet Muhammad
          n.  piece of land surrounded by water
            n. (esp in poetry and proper names ) island
           n. small island
          n. line on a map, esp a weather chart, joining places with the same atmospheric pressure at a particular time
     Relating to or denoting equal intervals of time.
         v.  ~sb/sth put or keep sb/sth entirely apart from other people or things; separate sb/sth ;
    n. ~ policy of not participating in the affairs of other countries or groups
    n, adj supporting isolationism
      Having or marking equality of temperature.
         n. one of two or more forms of a chemical element with different atomic weight and different nuclear properties but the same chemical properties
           n.  outgoing; outflow
         n. narrow strip of land joining two larger areas of land that would otherwise be separated by water
              pers pron   animal or thing mentioned earlier or being observed now
         adj. of Italy, its culture, language or people
            n.  single article or unit in a list, etc
         v. ~sth (fml ) say sth again and again; make (an accusation, a demand, etc) repeatedly ;
       adj. travelling from place to place
       n. plan for, or record of, a journey; route
       to travel from place to place, to peregrinate
             possess det of or belonging to a thing, an animal or a baby
          reflex, emph pron    (reflex ) (used when the animal, thing, etc causing the action is also affected by it  )
           n.  creamy-white bone-like substance forming the tusks of elephants, walruses, etc
             v.  ~ (at sb/sth) (with sth); ~ sb/sth (with sth) poke or push at sb/sth roughly, usu with sth sharp or pointed
          v.  ~ talk rapidly in what seems to be a confused manner
            n.  device for raising heavy weights off the ground, esp one for raising the axle of a motor vehicle so that a wheel may be changed ,
          n.  short coat with sleeves
            n.  hard, usu green, stone from which ornaments, etc are carved
           adj. tired and lacking zest, usu after too much of sth
             n.  bout of heavy drinking; spree ;
          adj. with rough, uneven, often sharp, edges; notched ; V
          n. large spotted memberof the cat family inhabiting parts of central America
            = gaol
             n.  sweet substance made by boiling fruit with sugar until it is thick, usu preserved in jars, etc
            n. vertical post at the side of a doorway, window frame, fireplace, etc
        n.  large party; celebration ;
         n. = caretaker
         n. the first month of the year, coming before February
           n. hard shiny black varnish
        of, relating to, or characteristic of Japan, its people, or their language
            n. joke played on sb
             n.  cylindrical container, usu made of glass
          n. technical or specialized words used by a particular group of people and difficult for others to understand
         [ jar: ] a wide-mouthed container that is usually cylindrical, made of glass or earthenware, and without handles
        n.  disease caused by an excess of bile in the blood which makes the skin and the whites of the eyes become abnormally yellow
       adj. affected by jealousy, spite, etc; bitter
           n. short journey, made for pleasure
        adv: swagger jauntily
          adj. feeling or showing cheerfulness and self-confidence; sprightly
             n.  either of the bone structures containing the teeth
            n.  music of American Negro origin, characterized by the use of improvisation and strong, often syncopated, rhythms
           adj.  of or like jazz
         adj.  feeling or showing fear or resentment of possible rivals in love or affection
        n. being jealous
           n. trousers of strong cotton for informal wear
            v. ~ laugh at or mock (sb/sth)
          adj.  (of writings) dull and uninteresting; unsatisfying to the mind
           n.  clear (fruit-flavoured) food substance made of liquid set with gelatine, usu prepared in a mould, which shakes when moved
       n. sea animal with a jelly-like body and stinging tentacles
      put in danger
        n. in jeopardy in danger of harm, loss or destruction
        n. long, sad and complaining story of troubles, misfortunes, etc
            n.  sudden pull, push, start, stop, twist, lift or throw
           adj. making abrupt starts and stops; not moving or talking smoothly
            n.  thing said or done to cause amusement; joke ;
         [ jest: ] something done or said for amusement; joke
          n.  member of the Society of Jesus, a Roman Catholic religiousorder
      adj. involving deception or dishonesty
           n. = christ
             n.  aircraft powered by a jet engine
          n.  goods thrown overboard from a ship in distress to lighten it; such goods washed up ashore ;
        v.  throw or eject from a ship in distress, or from an aeroplane, a spacecraft, etc
           n.  precious stone (eg adiamond or a ruby)
         [ jeweller: ] a person whose business is the cutting, polishing, or setting of gemstones or the making, repairing, or selling of jeweller
        n. person who sells, makes or repairs jewellery or watches
       n. ornaments, eg rings and necklaces, esp made of a valuable metal and sometimes set with jewels
         [ jewellery: ] objects that are worn for personal adornment, such as bracelets, rings, necklaces, etc., considered collectively
          adj. of the Jews
             n.  small triangular sail in front of the mainsail
            to be in accord: AGREE
          n.  picture, map, etc pasted on cardboard or wood and cut into irregular shapes that have to be fitted together again
            v. leave with whom one has had a close emotional relationship, esp suddenly and unkindly
          n.  metallic ringing or clinking sound, as of coins, keys or small bells
           One of a party in Great Britain in favor of spirited and demonstrative foreign policy.
        n. extreme and unreasonable belief that one's own country is best, together with a warlike attitude towards other countries
        n. person who has such a belief
      adj. ,jingoistic remarks
            v. move quickly or suddenly with sharp turns, usu to avoid being caught; dodge ; ,
            n. ~ (on sb/sth) (infml ) (person or thing that is thought to bring) bad luck (to sb/sth); curse
          v. feel nervous; behave nervously
         adj. nervous; frightened ;
             n. the patience of job
         n. use of unfair or corrupt methods in order to gain a financial or political advantage
          n. person who rides a horse, usu a professional competing in races
          adj. humorous; playful ;
         adj.  meant as a joke; humorous
       adv: Philip, jocularly known as Flip ,
          adj. merry; cheerful ;
             v.  push or knock (sb/sth) slightly
          v. move or shake slightly, usu up and down ,
            v.  ~ sth onto sth/on; ~ A to B; ~ A and B fasten one thing to another; connect or combine two things
           n.  structure in the body of an animal by which bones are fitted together
         adv: a jointly owned business
            n.  thing said or done to cause amusement, laughter, etc
         n. state of being jolly
           adj.  happy and cheerful
            v.  move with sudden jerky movements
          v.  ~ push roughly against (sb), usu in a crowd
             v. (phr v) jot sth down make a quick, usu short, written note of sth
         n.  newspaper or periodical, esp one that is serious and deals with a specialized subject
      a person whose occupation is journalism
      To keep a diary.
         n. (distance covered in) travelling, usu by land, from one place to another, often far away
           v. fight on horseback with lances
          adj. very cheerful and good-humoured; merry
             n.  feeling of great happiness
          adj. filled with, showing or causing joy
         adj. without joy; gloomy or miserable
          adj. filled with, showing or causing joy
        adj. ~ (about/at/over sth) showing great happiness, esp because of a success
      n. great happiness, esp because of a success
           n.  public officer with authority to decide cases in a lawcourt
       n.  ~ opinion about sth
        The faculty by the exercise of which a deliberate conclusion is reached.
      n. administration of justice
        adj.  of or by a court of law; of a judge or of judgement
       n. judges of a country collectively
       adj. showing or havinggood sense
   n.
             n.  (US pitcher) deep vessel, with a handle and a lip, for holding and pouring liquids
      n.  very large articulated lorry
          v.  ~ throw (a number of objects, usu balls) up into the air, catch them and throw them into the air again and again, keeping one or more in the air at the same time
        The art or practice of sleight of hand.
         adj. of the neck or throat
           n.  liquid obtained from a fruit; drink made from this
           adj.  containing a lot of juice and being enjoyable to eat; succulent
            n. the seventh month of the year, next after June
          to mix into a confused or disordered mass
           adj. unusually large; enormous
            n.  act of jumping
        n.  place where roads or railway lines meet
        n. at this juncture (fml ) at a particular, esp important, stage in a series of events
            n. the sixth month of the year, next after May
          n.  area of land, usu in a tropical country, that is covered with a thick growth of trees and tangled plants
          adj. of, like or from the jungle or its inhabitants
          adj.  ~ lower in rank or standing (than sb)
            n.  things that are considered useless or of little value
          n.  sweet custard-like pudding made of milk curdled with rennet, and often sweetened and flavoured ,
           n. group, esp of military officers, who rule a country after taking power by force in a revolution
         n. the largest planet of the solar system, fifth in order from the sun
       adj. of law or legal proceedings
    n. authority to carry out justice and to interpret and apply laws; right to exercise legal authority
   n. science or philosophy of law
           n. member of a jury
            n.  group of people in a lawcourt who have been chosen to listen to the facts in a case and to decide whether the accused person is guilty or not guilty
            adj.  acting or being in accordance with what is morally right and proper; fair
         n.  right and fair behaviour or treatment
     adj. that can be justified
     adv: justifiably cautious, indignant, proud, etc
   n.  ~ acceptable reason (for doing sth)
         v.  show that (sb/sth) is right, reasonable or just
             v. (phr v) jut out stand out (from sth); be out of line (with the surrounding surface); stick out
        n.  young person who is not yet adult
       v. place (people or things) side by side or very close together, esp to show a contrast
   positioning close together (or side by side)
    n. toy consisting of a tube containing small loose pieces of coloured glass, etc and mirrors which reflect these to form changing patterns when the tube is turned
   adj.
        n. Australian animal that jumps along on its strong hind legs, the female carrying its young in a pouch on the front of its body .
           adj. broken; ruined; not working properly
          n. Japanese system of unarmed combat in which the hands, feet, etc are used as weapons
           n. (in Buddhism and Hinduism) sum of a person's actions in one of his successive lives, believed to decide his fate in the next ,
           n.  at canoe canoe. Eskimo canoe made of light wood covered with sealskins
            adj.  ~ (to do sth/that...) eager; enthusiastic
          adv.
            v.  continue to be in the specified condition or position; remain or stay
          n.  person who looks after animals in a zoo or a collection of items in a museum
        n. gift, usu small and often not very costly, that is kept in memory of the giver or previous owner
             n. beyond/outside one's ken not within one's range of knowledge
          n.  shelter for a pet dog
            pt, pp of keep1
        n.  square piece of cloth worn on the head or round the neck, esp by women ,
       n. fuss; noise; excitement
          n.  soft and usu edible part inside a nut or fruit stone .
        another name (esp. U.S. and Canadian) for: paraffin
         n. thick sauce made from tomatoes, vinegar, etc and used cold as a seasoning
          n.  container with a spout, lid and handle, used for boiling water
             n.  metal instrument shaped so that it will move the bolt of a lock
        n. set of keys on a typewriter,piano, etc  .
         n. hole through which a key is put into a lock
            v.  hit (sb/sth) with the foot
             n.  (infml ) child or young person
          v. steal (sb) away by force and illegally, esp in order to obtain money or other (esp political) demands
       n: The kidnappers have demanded million for his safe release. 100
          n.  either of a pair of organs in the body that remove waste products from the blood and produce urine
            v.  cause death or cause the death of
         n. person who spoils the enjoymentof others
            n. oven for baking pottery or bricks, drying hops or wood, burning lime, etc
            n. kilogram
     another name for: Calori
        n. basic unit of mass in the SI system; 1000 grams ; .
       One thousand liters.
       A length of 1,000 meters.
        n. unit of electrical power; 1000 watts , 1000
          n. long loose Japanese robe with wide sleeves, worn with a sash
             n.  one's family and relatives
            adj. friendly and thoughtful to others
          v.  catch fire
      n.
        n. small dry pieces of wood, etc for lighting fires
          adv.  in a kind manner
        n.  quality of being kind
         n.  family relationship
         adj. of or produced by movement
            n.  male ruler of an independent state, usu inheriting the position by right of birth
         n.  country or state ruled by a king or queen
        n. condition of being, or official position of, a king
            n.  sharp twist in sth that is normally straight, eg a wire, rope, pipe, hair, etc
           adj. bizarre or abnormal, esp in sexual behaviour
        n. = kin
         n.  blood relationship
         n. (fml ) male relative
           n.  small open structure where newspapers, refreshments, etc are sold  ,
          n. destiny; fate ;
            v.  touch with the lips to show affection or as a greeting
        adj. inviting kisses
             n.  clothing and personal equipment of a soldier, etc or a traveller
         n.  room or building in which meals are cooked or prepared
            n.  toy consisting of a light framework covered with paper, cloth, etc that is flown in the wind at the end of a long string
            n. kith and kin friends and relations
          n. cheap and showy vulgarity or pretentiousness in art, design, etc
          n.  young cat
     n. illness that causes an uncontrollable desire to steal things, often with no wish to possess the things stolen
    n. person suffering from kleptomania ; . adj
           n.  skill at performing some special task; ability
       adj. exhausted; worn out
           n.  = jack1 4
         n. dishonesty; trickery ;
           v.  press and stretch with the hands to form a firm smooth paste
            n.  joint between the thigh and lower part of the human leg; corresponding joint in animals ; .
         n. small bone covering the front of the knee joint
           v. =>Usage at dream dream. ~ (down) go down on one or both knees; rest on the knee(s)
           n.  sound of a bell rung slowly after a death or at a funeral
            pt of know
      A small article, more for ornament that use.
           n.  sharp blade with a handle, used for cutting or as a weapon
          n.  man to whom the sovereign has given a rank of honour, lower than that of baronet, having the title `Sir' used before the first name, with or without the surname , Sir
      n.  title and rank of a knight
            v.  ~ sth (for sb) make (a garment or fabric) by forming wool, silk, etc yarn into connecting loops, either by hand (using long needles) or on a machine
            n.  round handle (of a door, drawer, etc)
           n.  sharp blow
         n.  hinged metal hammer attached to a door, used for knocking by sb outside who wants the door to be opened .
           n. small round hill or mound
            n.  fastening made by tying a piece or pieces of string, rope, etc
          adj.  (of timber) full of knots
            v. have (sth) in one's mind or memory as a result of experience or learning or information
        n. practical (contrasted with theoretical) knowledge or skill in an activity
       adv.  intentionally
       n.  understanding
   adj. ~ well-informed
   adv: speak knowledgeably on the subject
         n.  bone at the finger-joint
           n. mass of tiny shellfish eaten by whales
           n. honour and glory; credit1(
             n. laboratory
           n.  piece of paper, cloth, metal, etc on or beside an object and describing its nature, name, owner, destination, etc
          readily or continually undergoing chemical, physical, or biological change or breakdown:UNSTABLE
      n. room or building used for research, experiments, testing, etc
         lacking ease of expression
         [ labourer: ] a person engaged in physical work, esp. of an unskilled kin
        [ labor: ] productive work, esp. physical toil done for wages
       adj.  needing much effort
          n.  physicalor mental work
        adj.  slow and difficult
        n. person who does heavy unskilled work
       n. complicated network of winding passages, paths, etc through which it is difficult to find one's way
    to entangle the state of affairs
            n.  delicate fabric with an ornamental openwork design of threads
        v.  injure by tearing
      n. tearing of the flesh
        work consisting of (or resembling) lace fabric
      adj. in the habit of weeping; tearful; mournful
            v.  be without (sth); have less than enough of
   adj. lacking vigour and determination; unenthusiastic
          n.  footman or manservant, usu in special uniform ,
      lacking brilliance or vitality ; lacking luster or shine
      adj. lacking force, brilliance, or vitalit
         adj. using few words; terse
     adv: `Too bad,' she replied laconically. ,
        economy of expression
         n.  varnish used on metal or wood to give a hard glossy surface
         (of mammals) to produce or secrete mil
       n.  production of milk in the breasts of women or the udders of female animals
         Milky.
          adj. of or from milk
             n.  boy; young man
          n.  structure for climbing up and down sth, consisting of two upright lengths of wood, metal or rope joined to each other by crossbars used as steps .
          n. boy; young man ;
            to put cargo or freight on board (a ship, etc.) or (of a ship, etc.) to take on cargo or freight
           adj.  ~ loaded or weighted
           n. long-handled cup-shaped spoon for serving or transferring liquids
            n.  woman of good manners and dignified behaviour
        n. small flying beetle, reddish-brown or yellow with black spots
             v. ~ (behind sb/sth); ~ (behind) go too slow; fail to keep pace with others
         n. person who lags behind
          n.  salt-water lake separated from the open sea by sandbanks or coral reefs
            pt, pp of lay
            pp of lie
            n.  sheltered place where a wild animal regularly sleeps or rests; den
           n. the laity  all the members of a Church who are not ordained clergymen; laymen ;
            n.  large area of water surrounded by land
            n.  young sheep
        v.  hit (sb) hard and repeatedly; thrash ;
         adj.  moving over a surface with soft flickering radiance
            adj.  unable to walk normally because of an injury or defect
          v. ~ (for/over sb/sth) feel or express great sorrow or regret for (sb/sth)
      adj. regrettable; deplorable
     n.  lamenting
        v.  make by bonding thin layers together
            n.  device for giving light, either by the use of electricity or by burning gas or oil
         n. piece of writing that attacks and ridicules a person, a book, an institution, etc
       [ lampoon: ] a satire in prose or verse ridiculing a person, literary work, etc.
      [ lampoon: ] a satire in prose or verse ridiculing a person, literary work, etc.
       n. tall post supporting a street lamp .
           n.  weapon used for catching fish, etc with a long wooden shaft and a pointed steel head
          n.  sharp pointed two-edged surgical instrument used for opening abscesses, etc
            n.  solid part of the earth's surface
        a system of trash and garbage disposal in which the waste is buried between layers of earth to build up low-lying land
      n. owner or tenant of land
         n.  act of coming or bringing to land
        n.  woman who lets rooms, etc to tenants
        adj. not owning land
      surrounded entirely or almost entirely by land
        n.  person who lets land, a house, a room, etc to a tenant
        n. object, etc easily seen and recognized from a distance
       n.  scenery of an area of land
       n.  sliding of a mass of earth, rock, etc down the side of a mountain, cliff, etc  ,
            n.  narrow country road or track, usu between hedges or banks
        n.  system of sounds, words, patterns, etc used by humans to communicate thoughts and feelings
         adj. lacking vigour or energy; slow-moving
        v.  lack or lose vitality
         n.  tiredness or laziness of mind and body; listlessness ;
      adj.
            adj.  straight and limp
           adj. (of a person) ungracefully tall and thin
         n.  light for use outdoors in a transparent case that protects it fromthe wind, etc
             n.  area formed by the upper part of a seated person's thighs
        adj.  of gems or stones, esp of their cutting, polishing or engraving
           n.  small error, esp one caused by forgetfulness or inattention
         n. (instance of) theft of personal goods
           n. tall deciduous tree of the pine family, with small cones and needle-like leaves .
            n. white greasy substance made from the melted fat of pigs and used in cooking
          n. cupboard or small room used for storing food
           adj.  of considerable size, extent or capacity
         adv. to a great extent; chiefly
         n.  generous giving of money or gifts, esp to sb of lower rank or status
        liberal giving (as of money) to or as if to an inferior;  also :something so given
         adj. fairly large
          n. length of rope for catching or tethering a horse; lasso
            n.  any of several small songbirds, esp the skylark
           n. insect in the first stage of its life, after coming out of the egg
      n. inflammation of the larynx
          n. (anatomy)boxlike space at the top of the windpipe, containing the vocal cords which produce the voice
      adj. feeling, expressing or causing sexual desire
           n. device that generates an intense and highly controlled beam of light
            n.  flexible part of a whip
          A little lass.
       n. tiredness of mind or body
           n. long rope with a noose at one end, used for catching horses and cattle
            adj.  coming after all others in time or order
         adj. continuing for a long time
           n.  fastening for a gate or door, consisting of a bar that is lifted from its catch, groove, hole, etc by a lever
            adj.  after the proper or usual time
          adv. in recent times; recently
         n. latency period stage of personal development from the age of about five to the start of puberty
          adj. existing but not yet active, developed or visible
           the comparative of: late
         adj. of, at, from or towards the side
           n. machine that shapes pieces of wood, metal, etc by holding and turning them against a fixed cutting tool
           n. language of ancient Rome and the official language of its empire
          adj. adv fairly late
        n.  distance of a place north or south of the equator, measured in degrees .
          adj. near to the end of a period
         n.  framework of crossed laths or bars with spaces between, used as a screen, fence, support for climbing plants, etc
            v. praise (sb/sth); glorify
        adj. deserving praise; praiseworthy
       High praise.
       adj. expressing or giving praise
           v.  make the sounds and movements of the face and body that express lively amusement, joy, contempt, etc
      adv.  in an amused manner
        n. act, sound or manner of laughing
          v.  put into motion; send on its course
       n. woman who earns money by laundering
         n.  business where clothes, sheets, etc are laundered
        n. = Poet Laureate (poet)
          n.  evergreen shrub with smooth glossy leaves
         [ laurel: ] Also called: bay, bay laurel, sweet bay, true laurel  a small Mediterranean lauraceous evergreen tree, Laurus nobilis, with glossy aromatic leaves, used for flavouring in cooking, and small blackish berries
            n.  hot liquid rock that comes out of a volcano
        n.  device, usu consisting of a bowl connected to a drain, used for disposing of waste matter from the body
            wash
        n.  plant with sweet-smelling pale purple flowers
          adj.  ~ ~ (in doing sth) giving or producing generously or in large quantities
        adv.
             n.  rule established by authority or custom, regulating the behaviour of members of a community, country, etc
        A legislator.
        n. person who makes laws; legislator ;
            n. area of closely-cut grass in the garden of a house or a public park, or used for a game
         n. process of bringing a dispute, claim, etc before a court of law for settlement
          n. person who is trained and qualified in legal matters, esp a solicitor
             adj. not sufficiently strict or severe; negligent
        n, adj causing or helping the bowels to empty
          the quality of being lax and neglectful
             v. (pt, pp laid / leId; led/)
        n. lazy person who avoids work
           n.  thickness of material laid over a surface or forming a horizontal division
          n.  person who does not have an expert knowledge of a subject
          n. way in which the parts of sth are arranged according to a plan
          adv: a river flowing lazily beside the meadow
            adj.  unwilling to work; doing little work
             n. area of open grassland; meadow ;
           v.  make percolatethrough soil, ore, ash, etc
            n.  heavy soft metal of dull greyish colour, used for water pipes, in roofing, as a radiation shield, etc and which is mixed with other metals to form alloys .
          adj.  dull, heavy or slow
          n.  person or thing that leads
      adj. a leaderless rabble
      n.  being a leader
         n. space between lines of print
            n. one of the (usu green and flat) parts of a plant, growing from a stem or branch or directly from the root
        adj. having no leaves
         n.  printed sheet of paper, usu folded and free of charge, containing information
       the stalk attaching a leaf to a stem or branch
          n.  group of people or countries combined for a particular purpose
            n.  hole, crack, etc through which liquid or gas may wrongly get in or out
         n.  leaking
            adj.  (of people and animals) without much flesh; thin and healthy
         n. tendency; inclination
Tower Pisa 
            v. jump vigorously
           v. (pt, pp learnt / l\
         adj.  having much knowledge acquired by study
         n. person who is gaining knowledge or skill
        n. knowledge obtained by study
           n.  contract by which the owner of land, a building, etc allows another person to use it for a specified time, usu in return for rent
           n.  = lead
           indef det, indef pron smallest in size, amount, extent, etc ; . (det)
         n.  material made by tanning animal skins
           v.  go away from (a person or place)
          n.  substance used to make dough rise before it is baked to make bread
          pl of leaf
    n. act of saying goodbye
       adj. having or showing an excessive interest in and desire for sexual pleasure
         n. excessive interest in sexual pleasure
         n. high sloping desk made to hold a lecturer's notes, a Bible in church, etc
         n.  ~ (on sth) talk giving information about a subject to an audience or a class, often as part of a teaching programme
        n. person who gives lectures, esp at a college or university
     n. post of lecturer
             pt, pp of lead
           n.  narrow horizontal shelf coming out from a wall, cliff, etc
          n.  book in which a bank, business firm, etc records its financial accounts
             n. part or side of sth providing shelter against the wind
            n. sly unpleasant look suggesting lust or ill will
           adj. ~ (infml ) wary; suspicious
         adj. adv on or to the side sheltered from the wind
          n.  amount of freedom to move, change, etc that is left to sb
            pt, pp of leave
     Using the left hand or arm more dexterously than the right.
             n.  one of the limbs of an animal's or person's body used for standing and walking
          n.  money or property left to sb in a will
           adj.  of or based on the law
        To give the authority of law to.
         adv: be legally responsible for sth  * a legally witnessed will
          adj. adv (to be played) in a smooth even manner
          n.  story handed down from the past, esp one that may not be true
       adj.  of or mentioned in legend
     n.  skilful performance of tricks using the hands; juggling; conjuring ;
      n.
         adj. clear enough to be read easily
         adv: Please write more legibly
          n.  battle unit of the ancient Roman army
       n, adj of a legion(1)
       v. ~ make laws
     n. action of making laws
     adj. law-making
      n. member of a legislature
     n. body of people with the power to make and change laws
      n. (fml )
      adj.  in accordance with the law or rules; lawful
     [ legitimate: ] born in lawful wedlock; enjoying full filial rights
      to make legitimate; legalize
         adj.  without legs
         n.  time free from work or other duties; spare time
   [ leisurely: ] unhurried; relaxed
       adj. adv without hurry
           n.  oval yellow fruit with acidic juice used for drinks and flavouring .
        n. sweet fizzy drink
            v.  ~ sth (to sb) give or allow the use of sth temporarily, on the understanding that it will be returned
          n.  measurement or extent from end to end
        v. become longer
         adj.  very long
        n. being lenient
        mercifulness as a consequence of being lenient or tolerant ; a disposition to yield to the wishes of someone
         adj. not severe (esp in punishing people); merciful
            n.  piece of glass or other transparent material with one or more curved surfaces used to make things appear clearer, larger or smaller when viewed through it, and used in spectacles, cameras, telescopes, etc
            n. period from Ash Wednesday to Easter Eve, the forty weekdays observed as a time of fasting and penitence
             n.  the fifth sign of the zodiac, the Lion
         adj. of or like a lion
         n. large African and S Asian flesh-eating animal of the cat family with a yellowish coat and dark spots .
      n. female leopard
         n. infectious disease affecting the skin and nerves, causing disfigurement and deformity
          n.  wound; injury
            indef det, indef pron. ~ (than...) (used with ns as the comparative of little
          n. person who holds a building, land, etc on a lease
          v.  become less
          adj.  not as great as the other
          n.  thing to be learnt by a pupil
            conj  for fear that; in order that...not
             v. (often with the infinitive omitted when the context is clear ) allow (sb/sth) to
          adj.  causing or able to cause death
       adj. Hot weather makesme lethargic
        n. extreme lack of energy or vitality; inactivity; apathy
          n.  written or printed sign representing a sound used in speech
        [ letter: ] any of a set of conventional symbols used in writing or printing a language, each symbol being associated with a group of phonetic values in the language; character of the alphabet
       n. letters or words, esp with reference to their visual appearance
         n.  garden plant with crisp green leaves
       n. white blood cell
           n. assembly of visitors, esp at a formal reception
           adj.  having a horizontal surface; flat; not sloping
     having sound judgment:SENSIBLE
           n.  bar or other device turning on a fixed point which lifts or opens sth with one end when pressure is applied to the other end
        n.  action or power of a lever
       n.  sea-monster
        v. rise and float in the air, esp by means of supernatural powers
          n. lack of proper seriousness or respect
            v.  ~ sth (on sb) collect (a payment, etc) by authority or force; impose sth
            adj.  treating sexual matters in a vulgar or indecent way
         adj. of the vocabulary of a language
   n. person who compiles dictionaries
    n. theory and practice of compiling dictionaries
         n.  dictionary, esp of an ancient language ,
             n. land that is temporarily sown with grass
       n.  ~state of being liable
          adj.  ~ responsible by law
         n.  communicationand co-operation between units of an organization
            n. person who tells lies, esp habitually
        n.  offering of wine, etc to a god in former times ,
           n.  false written or printed statement that damages sb's reputation
       adj. being or containing a libel
        defamatory; injurious to the good name of a person
         adj.  tolerant and open-minded; free from prejudice
      n. liberal opinions and principles
      the quality or state of being liberal
      n.  free giving; generosity ;
       adv. tolerantly;freely
        v. ~ sb/sth set (sb/sth) free
       showing freedom from traditional ideas in social and sexual matters
      n.
       n: hailing the soldiers as liberators
     a believer in freedom of thought, expression, etc.
       n. man who lives an irresponsible and immoral life
         n.  freedom from captivity, slavery, or oppressive control
      adj. having or showing strong sexual feelings; lustful ;
          n. (psychology ) emotional energy or urge, esp sexual
       n. person in charge of or assisting in a library
         n.  collection of books for reading or borrowing
        n. words that are sung and spoken in an opera or musical play
            pl of louse
         n.  official document showing that permission has been given to own, use or do sth
         v. give a licence to
      adj. disregardingthe rules of behaviour, esp in sexual matters
           sanctioned by custom or morality especially sexual morality ; authorized, sanctioned by, or in accordance with law
            v.  pass the tongue over
             n.  hinged or removable cover for a box, pot, etc .
            n. public bathing beach or open air swimming-pool
             v.  ~ (to sb) (about sth) make a statement one knows to be untrue
           n.  (in feudal times) sovereign or lord, entitled to loyal service ,
            n. ~ (on/upon sth) right to keep sb's property until a debt owed in connection with it (for repair, transport, etc) is paid ,
            n. in lieu (of sth) instead
      n.  army officer next below a captain .
            n.  ability to function and grow that distinguishes living animals and plants from dead ones and from rocks, metals, etc
       the blood, considered as vital to sustain life
        n. small boat carried on a ship for use if the ship has to be abandoned at sea
        adj. exactly like a real person or thing
        adj. extending throughout one's life
        n.  duration of sb's life or sth's existence
            v.  ~ sb/sth raise sb/sth to a higher level or position
        n. tough flexible tissue in a person's or an animal's body that connects bones and holds organs in position
        n.  thread, bandage, etc used for tying, esp in surgical operations ,
           n.  kind of natural radiation that makes things visible
         v.  become lighter in weight
         n. = cigarette lighter (cigarette)
      n. tower or other structure containing a beacon light to warn or guide ships
         adv.  in a light manner
       n.  flash of brilliant light in the sky produced by natural electricity passing between clouds or from clouds to the ground, usu followed by thunder
     n, adj  weighing between 57 and 61 kg, next above featherweight 5761
        adj. woody
         adj. easy to like; pleasing
            v. find (sb/sth) pleasant or satisfactory; enjoy
        adj. easy to like; pleasant
      n. probability
          adj.  ~ (to do sth/that...) that is expected; probable
     adj. having similar tastes or opinions
           v. ~ sth to sth show the resemblance between one thing and another
        n.  being alike; resemblance
        adv.  similarly
     adj. on a small scale; tiny
            n.  any of various types of plant growing from a bulb, with large white or reddish flowers
            n.  leg, arm or wing
          adj. supple; flexible ;
           n. in limbo in an intermediate or uncertain state; neglected
            n.  whitesubstance (calcium oxide) obtained by heating limestone,used in making cement and mortar and as a fertilizer
       n. publicity or attention
        n. type of humorous poem with five lines, the first two rhyming with the last
       n. type of rock, eg chalk, composed esp of the remains of prehistoric plants and animals
           n.  point or line beyond which sth does not extend; boundary
       [ limit: ] [sometimes pl]  the ultimate extent, degree, or amount of something
      n.  limiting; being limited
         adj. restricted; few or small
       adj. without limit
            portray; describe vividly
        adj. of, relating to, or inhabiting the open water of lakes down to the depth of light penetration
       n. large luxurious car, esp with a glass partition separating driver and passengers
            adj.  not stiff or firm
          adj. clear; transparent
            n.  long narrow mark, either straight or curved, traced on a surface
         n. line of descent from an ancestor; ancestry
          adj.  in the direct line of descent
        adv: lineally descended from sb
       a facial outline or feature
      n. features of the face, etc
          adj.  of or in lines
           n.  cloth made of flax
           n.  large passenger or cargo ship travelling on a regular route
          v.  stay for a long time; be unwilling to leave
        n. person who lingers
       adj. long; protracted
           n. (infml joc or derog , )  foreign language
          The tongue.
         consisting of or related to language ; pertaining to or resembling or lying near the tongue
        n.  person who knows several foreign languages well
      adj. of language or linguistics
     n. scientific study of language or of particular languages
        n. liquid, esp one made with oil, for rubbing on the body to relieve aches or bruises
          n.  layer of material used to cover the inside surface of sth
            n.  one ring or loop of a chain
         n.  action or manner of linking or being linked
          the establishing of a connection or union between objects, groups, organizations, etc.
        n. type of tough floor-covering made of canvas coated with powdered cork and linseed oil, etc
            n.  soft material used for dressing wounds
            n.  large powerful flesh-eating animal of the cat family, found in Africa and parts of southern Asia .
         n. female lion
         assign great social importance to
             n.  either of the fleshy edges of the opening of the mouth
           (Biochem)  any of a large group of organic compounds that are esters of fatty acids (simple lipids, such as fats and waxes) or closely related substances (compound lipids, such as phospholipids)
        n. cosmetic for colouring the lips
         v. (cause sth to) become liquid
         n. strong alcoholic spirit, drunk in small quantities esp after a meal
          n.  substance that flows freely but is not a gas, eg water or oil
       v.  pay or settle
     n.  liquidating or being liquidated
       n.  state of having assets that can easily be changed into cash
          n.  (Brit) any alcoholic drink
          adj. quick and graceful in movement; lithe ;
         adj. easily bent; supple; having the ability to move with ease; limber
            n.  series of names, items, figures, etc written or printed
          v. ~ try to hear sb/sth; pay attention
        n. person who listens
        adj. having no energy, vitality or enthusiasm
    n.
          n.  series of prayers to God for use in church services, spoken by a priest with set responses by the congregation
           = litre
        n. ability to read and write
         adj.  corresponding exactly to the original
       adv.  in a literal manner; exactly
        adj. of or concerned with literature
        adj.  able to read and write
        n. educated and intelligent people who have learned much from literature and books
      n.  writings that are valued as works of art, esp fiction, drama and poetry (as contrasted with technical books and journalism)
           adj. bending or turning easily; supple
       Nimble.
      n. picture, etc printed by lithography
     the rigid outer layer of the earth, having an average thickness of about 75 km and comprising the earth's crust and the solid part of the mantle above the asthenospher
        n. person involved in a lawsuit
        v. engage in a lawsuit; go to law ;
      n. process of going to law
       adj.  of lawsuits
          n. blue colouring-matter that is turned red by acid and can be turned blue again by alkali
         n. ironical understatement,esp using a negative to emphasize the contrary ,  It wasn't easy It was very difficult
           n. unit of capacity in the metric system, equal to about pints, used for measuring liquids , 1.
          n.  light rubbish (eg bits of paper, wrappings, bottles) left lying about, esp in a public place
          adj. are rare. It is more common to use smaller, smallest.
        n, adj (part of a country that is) along the coast
      of or relating to or in accord with liturgy
         n. fixed form of public worship used in churches
         fit or suitable to live in or with
            adj.  having life
        adj. worth living; tolerable
      n. means of living; income
          adj.  full of life and energy; high-spirited; vigorous
           n.  large organ in the abdomen that produces bile and purifies the blood .
        adj.  suffering from a disorder of the liver
           pl of life
       n. animals kept on a farm for use or profit, eg cattle or sheep ,
           adj.  of the colour of lead; bluish-grey
          adj.  alive, esp now
     n. room in a private house for general use during the daytime
          n. reptile with a rough skin, four legs and a long tail
            n.  thing that is being carried or to be carried, esp if heavy
            n.  mass of bread shaped and baked in one piece
          n.  idler
            n. rich soil containing clay, sand and decayed vegetable matter
           adj. loamy land
            n.  thing that is lent, esp a sum of money
           adj.  ~ to do sth unwilling; reluctant
          v. feel great hatred or disgust for (sb/sth)
        n. disgust
       adj. causing one to feel disgusted or shocked; repulsive
          pl of loaf1
           n.  porch, entrance-hall or ante-room
        n. person who lobbies
            n.  lower soft part of the outer ear .
         n. large bluish-black shellfish with eight legs and two long claws that turns scarlet when it is boiled .
           adj.  belonging to a particular place or district
          n. scene of events, operations, etc
        n. position of sth; place or district in which sth happens
          v.  discover the exact position or place of
        n.  place or position
        Indicating place, or the place where or wherein an action occurs.
            n. (often in names )  lake
            pl of locus
            n.  portion of hair that hangs or lies together
            n. (infml ) locomotive engine
      n. moving, or the ability to move, from place to place
      adj. of, having or causing locomotion
           n. exact place of sth
          n. type of African and Asian winged insect that migrates in huge swarms which destroy all the vegetation of a district
        n.  style of speech; way of using words ;
            n. vein of metal ore
       n. = loadstone
           n.  small house at the gates of a park or in the grounds of a large house, occupied by a gate-keeper or other employee
       n.  action or process of lodging (lodge
          n. person who pays to live in sb's house
         n.  temporary accommodation
        The act of furnishing with temporary quarters.
            n.  room or space directly under the roof of a house, used for storing things
           adj.  (of thoughts, aims, etc) noble; exalted
             n.  length of tree-trunk that has fallen or been cut down
          another word for: lumberjack
           n.  science of reasoning
         adj.  in accordance with the rules of logic; correctly reasoned
      n. being logical
       adv: argue logically
        n. person who is skilled in logic
       n. organization of supplies and services, etc for any complex operation
          any stoppage attributable to unusual activity ; an immovable mass of logs blocking a river
          v.  ~ stand about idly
            v.  ~ rest, sit or stand lazily, often while leaning against sth
            adj.  without companions; solitary
      Solitude.
          adj.  sad because one lacks friends or companions
           n. person who avoids the company of others
            adj. having a great or specified extent in space
       n. long life
         n. ~ intense desire
       n. distance east or west of the Greenwichmeridian, measured in degrees
    adj.  of longitude
      adj. of or for a period of time far in the future
   adj. that has existed or lasted for a long time
       adj. of or for a long period of time
        a period of dullness or boredom (especially in a work of literature or performing art)
     adj. talking or writing at tedious length
            v.  ~ turn one's eyes in a particular direction (in order to see sb/sth)
         the act of keeping watch against danger, etc.
            n. machine for weaving cloth
            (informal)
            n.  shape produced by a curve crossing itself
        n.  way of escaping a rule, the terms of a contract, etc, esp one provided by vague or careless wording
           adj.  freed from control; not tied up
         adv. in a loose manner
          v.  become or make loose or looser
            n.  goods taken from an enemy in war, or stolen by thieves ,
             v.  cut branches, twigs, etc off (a tree) ,
            v. run fairly fast with long bounding strides
        adj. with one side lower, smaller, etc than the other; unevenly balanced
      adj. fondof talking; talkative ;
  [ loquacious: ]
       [ loquacious: ]
            n.  master; male ruler
        A little lord.
          adj.  haughty; insolent in a superior way
            n. knowledge and traditions about a subject or possessed by a particular group of people
           n. (also esp US truck) large strong motor vehicle for transporting goods, soldiers, etc by road
            v. have (sth/sb) taken away from one by accident, misfortune, old age, death, etc
           n. person who loses or is defeated, esp habitually
            n.  act, instance or process of losing
            pt, pp of lose
             n. the `lot, all the `lot, the whole `lot the whole number or amount (of sb/sth)
         n.  way of raising money by selling numbered tickets and giving prizes to the holders of numbers selected at random
           n. game of chance similar to bingo but with the numbers drawn by the players instead of being called
            adj.  producing much noise; easily heard
          adv: a dog barking loudly  * loudly dressed
     n. part of a radio, record-player, etc that changes electrical impulses into audible sounds
           n. lake or long inlet of the sea
          v. sit or stand in a lazy way, esp leaning against sth; loll
         n. lazy or idle person
           n.  small insect living on the bodies of animals and human beings, esp in dirty conditions
            n. clumsy vulgar man or youth with bad manners
         adj. of or like a lout
         adj. easy to love; worthy of love
            n.  warm liking or affection; affectionatedevotion
        adj. unhappy because one's love is not returned
          adj.  beautiful; attractive
           n.  partner in a sexual relationship outside marriage
             adj.  not high or tall; not extending far upwards
         (of persons) lacking in refinement or grace
           v.  let or bring (sb/sth) down
           adj. (dated ) of humble rank or condition
    Despondent.
           adj. ~ true and faithful
        n. person who is loyal, esp to the established ruler or government during a revolt
         n. being true and faithful; loyal behaviour
          n. big clumsy stupid boy or man
       n. substancethat lubricates
       v. put oil or grease on or in so that it moves easily
     n. lubricating or being lubricated
      adj. showing an unpleasant enjoyment of sexual matters; lewd ;
           adj.  clearly expressed; easy to understand
        n.
            n.  chance, esp thought of as a force that brings good or bad fortune
        adj. unlucky
           adj.  having, bringing or resulting from good luck
       adj. producing much money; profitable
           n.  profit or money-making, as a motive for doing sth
       write in scholarly fashion
     a solemn literary work that is the product of laborious cogitation ; laborious cogitation
       adj. causing laughter; ridiculous; absurd
             v. drag or carry (sth) with great effort
         n. bags, suitcases, etc containing sb's belongings and taken on a journey
      adj. dismal; mournful
  n.
        adj.  only slightly warm; tepid
            v.  ~ sb/sth (to sth) make (a person or an animal) quiet or less active; soothe sb/sth
         n. soft gentle song sung to make a child go to sleep
          n.  unwanted pieces of furniture, etc that are stored away or take up space
      n. man whose job is felling trees or cutting or transporting timber
           a unit of luminous flux equal to the light emitted in a unit solid angle by a uniform point source of one candle intensity
        n.  person who inspires or influences others
    Showing increase.
      n. quality of being luminous
        adj.  giving out light; bright
            n.  hard or compact mass, usu without a regular shape
         adj. heavy; clumsy; stupid
          n.  unsoundness of mind; insanity; madness ;
           adj. of the moon
         n.  insane person
           n.  meal taken in the middle of the day
        n. lunch
            The moon.
            n. either of the two breathing-organs in the chest of man and other animals
           n. garden plant with tall spikes of flowers, bearing seeds in pods
           n. leave sb in the lurch
            n.  thing that attracts or invites
           adj.  having bright glaring colours or combinations of colour
            v.  be or stay hidden, esp when waiting to attack
        adj.  rich and sweet in taste or smell
            adj.  growing thickly and strongly; luxuriant
            n.  ~ (for sb) strong sexual desire
          shine; gloss
         adv: sing lustily
          n.  soft brightness of a smooth or shining surface; sheen
        adj. having lustre
           adj. healthy, vigorous and full ofvitality
      n. luxuriant growth
       adj. growing thickly and strongly; lush
       v. ~ in sth take great pleasure in sth; enjoy sth as a luxury
       adj.  supplied with luxuries; very comfortable
          n.  the best and most expensive food and drink, clothes, surroundings, etc
           pres p of lie1, lie
           v. put to death or punish violently without a lawful trial
            n. ancient musical instrument with strings fixed in a U-shaped frame, played by plucking with the fingers , U
           adj.  expressing direct personal feelings
         adj.  = lyric
          Expressing deep personal emotion or observations
         adj. connected with death, and thus causing fear; gruesome
         n. road surface made of layers of compressed broken stones
      To cover or pave, as a path or roadway, with small broken stone.
        n. long hard tubes of pasta, often chopped into short pieces and boiled in water before eating
            n.  large heavy club formerly used as a weapon, usu having a head with metal spikes ,
        v. (cause sth to) become soft or break up by soaking
   adj. cunning and deceitful in gaining what one wants; showing such cunning or deceit
     n. evil plot or scheme
    [ machination: ] an intrigue, plot, or scheme
         n.  apparatus with several moving parts, designed to perform a particular task, and driven by electricity, steam, gas, etc, or by human power
       n.  moving parts (of a machine)
       n.  person who operates a machine, esp a sewing-machine
      n. coat made of rainproof material
       n.  the macrocosm the universe
        marked with spotsblotched ;impure, besmirched
       make dirty or spotty; also used metaphorically ; spot, stain, or pollute
             adj.  mentally ill; insane
           n.  (fml ) (polite form of address to a woman, whether married or unmarried, usu sb one does not know personally , )
          n. (abbr  Mmes) (French title given to an older, esp married or widowed, woman or to an older woman who is not British or American
          v. make mad(4); irritate; annoy
       adj. annoying; irritating
            pt, pp of make1
         n.  the Madonna the Virgin Mary, mother of Jesus Christ
        n. songfor several voices, usu without instrumental accompaniment,on the themes of love and/or nature 16,
       n.  great whirlpool
         n. (with a capital letter when followed by a name ) (title given to a) master in the arts, esp a great musical composer, conductor or teacher
        n. paper-covered periodical, usu weekly or monthly, with articles, stories, etc, by various writers
         adj. n bright purplish red
          n. larva or grub (esp of the bluebottle or cheese-fly), which lays its eggs in meat, cheese, etc
         adj. full of maggots
           n.  power of apparentlyusing supernatural forces to change the form of things or influence events; superstitious practices based on this
         adj.  of, used in or like magic
        n. person who is skilled in magic(
     adj.  having or showing authority
   adv: dismiss the servants magisterially
      n.  position of a magistrate
      n. official who acts as a judge in the lowest courts; Justice of the Peace
     n. being magnanimous
     adj. having or showing great generosity
         n. wealthy and powerful landowner or industrialist
          n.  piece of iron, often ina horseshoe shape, which can attract iron, either naturallyor because of an electric current passed through it, and which points roughly north and south when freely suspended
        adj.  with the properties of a magnet
       n.  properties and effects of magnetic substances
       To make a magnet of, permanently, or temporarily.
   n.  magnifying
    The exhibition of greatness of action, character, intellect, wealth, or power.
     adj. splendid; remarkable; impressive
       [ magnify: ] to increase, cause to increase, or be increased in apparent size, as through the action of a lens, microscope, etc.
         v.  make (sth) appear larger, as a lens or microscope does
    adj. (of words, speech) pompous-sounding  ,
       n.  (usu large) size
          n.  noisy black-and-white bird that is attracted by, and often takes away, small bright objects .
        n. Indian prince
            n.  woman servant
          n.  girl or unmarried woman
      n. state of being a maiden; virginity ;
     n. maid(1)
            n.  official system of collecting, transporting and delivering letters and parcels
         n.  = letter-box (letter)
            v. wound or injure so that part of the body cannot be used
            adj.  most important; chief; principal
        n. large mass of land forming a country, continent, etc without its islands
          adv. chiefly; primarily
       (Nautical)  the line used to control the angle of the mainsail to the win
        n.  rope from the top of the mainmast to the base of the foremast
        v.  ~ sth cause sth to continue; keep sth in existence at the same level, standard, etc
     n.  maintaining or being maintained
      n.  self-contained dwelling on two floors, part of a larger building or block
           n. tall cereal plant bearing yellow grain on large ears
        adj. having or showing majesty; stately; grand
    adv: She strode majestically through the palace
         n.  impressive dignity and stateliness; grandeur, as of a king or queen
           adj.  important; great(er)
        n.  the greater number or part; most
            v. (pt, pp made / meId; med/)
compromise with 
           n.  the/our Maker the Creator; God ;
       n, adj used temporarily until sth better is available
          The arrangements or combination of the parts of which anything is composed.
     adj. unable for psychological reasons to behave acceptably or deal satisfactorily with other people
       adj. not clever or skilful; clumsy; bungling
          n. disease; illness
         n. general feeling of illness, without clear signs of a particular disease
     ncomical confusion of a word with another, similar-sounding,word which has a quite different meaning, eg `an ingenuousmachine for peeling potatoes'
      of an inappropriate or misapplied nature or kind
         n. fever produced when germs are introduced into the blood by a bite from certain mosquitoes
        adj. of malaria
      n, adj discontented and rebellious
    discontent; unhappy
            adj.  of the sex that does not give birth to offspring
     n. prayer that sb or sth may be destroyed, hurt, etc; curse ;
      n. wrongdoer; criminal
      adj. causing or doing evil
     n. desire to do evil or cause harm to others; ill-will ;
      adj. ~ wishing to do evil or cause harm to others; spiteful
     a wrongful act that the actor had no right to do; improper professional conduct
    n.  state of being badly formed or shaped
     v. (of a machine) fail to work normally or properly
          n.  ~ desire to harm others
       adj. intended to harm others
          v. say unpleasant or untrue things about
       adj.  feeling or showing great desire to harm others; malevolent
       wishing evil to others ; quality of being disposed to evil; intense ill will
        v. (usu in the continuous tenses ) pretend to be ill in order to avoid work or duty
      n. person who malingers
            n. street or covered area with rows of shops, closed to traffic
       adj.  that can be beaten or pressed into different shapes easily
          n.  hammer with a wooden head, eg for striking the handle of a chisel .
    n. condition resulting from a lack of food
         an offensive odor
      adj. smelling unpleasant
     n. careless, illegal or unethical behaviour by sb in a professional or official position
        v. treat (a person or an animal) with violence or cruelty; mistreat ;
    n. maltreating or being maltreated
           n. black or green poisonous African snake
          n. any of the class of animals that give birth to live offspring and feed their young on milk from the breast
         n. large hairy type of elephant, now extinct
             n.  adult male human being
         n. one of a pair of chains or metal bands for binding the hands or feet; fetter ;
          v.  be in charge of (sth); run
      adj. that can be managed; easily controlled
      n.  control and organization
         n.  person controlling a business, etc
      adj. of managers or management
         n.  ~ (to do sth) authority given to a party, trade union, etc by the people who support it
       adj. required by law; compulsory
            n.  long hair on the neck of a horse, lion, etc
       n. lion, tiger, etc that attacks men
        = manoeuvre
    [ maneuver: ] a contrived, complicated, and possibly deceptive plan or action
     [ maneuver: ] a contrived, complicated, and possibly deceptive plan or action
           n. skin disease of hairy animals, caused by a parasite
          v.  damage greatly, (almost) beyond recognition; mutilate
           adj.  suffering from mange
           n.  mental disorder marked by extreme excitement or violence
          n.  mad person
        adj.  violently mad
        adj. ~ (fml ) clear and obvious
   outward demonstration; indication
       n. (publication containing a) public declaration by a political party, ruler, etc of principles and policy
        adj. of many types; many and various
         n. abnormally small man; dwarf ;
      v.  control or handle with skill
     [ manipulate: ] vt. to handle or use, esp. with some skill, in a process or action
    n. manipulating or being manipulated
    adj. tending to manipulate(2)
     n. person who manipulates(2)
         n.   the human race
           adj.  (approv ) (of a man) having the qualities or appearance expected of a man
       n.  woman employed to display new styles of clothes by wearing them; fashion model
          n.  way in which a thing is done or happens
        adj. having an unnatural style of speaking, writing, etc; affected
       n.  peculiar habit of behaviour, speech, etc
       n.  planned and controlled movement of armed forces
           n.  unit of land under the feudal system, part of which was used by the lord of the manor (lord), the rest being farmed by tenants ,
        adj. of a manor (1
         n.  large and stately house
          n. = mantelpiece
          n.  loose sleeveless cloak
          adj. of, done with or controlled by the hands
     v.  make on a large scale using machinery
    n. person or firm that manufactures things
     Emancipation.
         v. (fml ) (formerly) free (a slave)
          n. animal dung or other material, natural or artificial, spread over or mixed with soil to make it fertile
      n.  thing written by hand, not typed or printed
            indef det, indef pron  a large number of people or things . (det)
             n.  representation on paper, etc of the earth's surface or part of it, showing countries, rivers, mountains, oceans, roads, etc
           n. (also `maple tree) one of various types of tree of the northern hemisphere, grown for timber and ornament
             v.  damage (sth); spoil
          a sudden short attack ; search for plunder
          n.  type of hard limestone used, when cut and polished, for building and sculpture
           n.  the third month of the year, next after February
            n.  female horse or donkey
       n. food like butter, made from animal or vegetable fats
          n.  blank space round the written or printed matter on a page
        adj.  of or in a margin
      adv. slightly
          adj.  of, near, found in or produced by the sea
         n. sailor
      n. jointed puppetmoved by strings .
         adj. of ahusband or wife; of marriage
        adj.  of the sea, sailing or shipping
            n.  stain, spot, line, etc, esp one that spoils the appearance of sth
          adj. clear; noticeable; easily seen
        adv. in a marked manner; noticeably
          n.  gathering of people for buying and selling goods; place where they meet
       n. theory and practice of commercialselling
     a place where a public market is held
       adj. of or like marble
          adj. n brownish red
       n. pattern of piecesof wood, ivory, etc set into the surface of furniture as decoration
         n.  nobleman next in rank above an earl and below a duke earlduke
          [ mar: ] vt. to cause harm to; spoil or impair
        n.  legal union between a man and a woman as husband and wife; state of being married
    adj. old enough to marry; suitable for marriage
         adj.  ~ (to sb) having a husband or wife; united in marriage
          n.  soft fatty substance that fills the hollow parts of human and animal bones
           v.  take (sb) as a husband or wife
            n. the planet fourth in order from the sun, next to the Earth
           n. low-lying wet land
         n.  officer of high rank
          adj. of, like or containing a marsh
       n, adj of the class of mammals which includes the kangaroo, the female of which has a pouch on its body to hold its young
         adj. of or associated with war
         n, adj of the planet Mars
        n. person who imposes strict discipline and demands obedience to orders
          n.  person who is killed or made to suffer greatly because of his beliefs
       n. martyr'ssuffering or death
          n.  wonderful or miraculousthing; thing causing astonishment
      adj.  very good; excellent
       [ marvellous: ] causing great wonder, surprise, etc.; extraordinary
         n. political and economic theory of Karl Marx (1818-83), stating that class struggle is the force behind historical change and that capitalism will inevitably be replaced by socialism and a classless society
         n. supporter of Marxism. adj. characterized by, supporting or relating to Marxism
          n. person, animal or thing thought to bring good luck
       adj.  having the qualities or appearance thought to be typical of men
     n. quality of being masculine
            n.  grain, bran, etc cooked in water until soft, used as food for animals
            n.  covering for the face, or part of it, worn as a disguise
       n. gettingpleasure from one's own pain or humiliation
       n.
           n.  person who builds in or works with stone
         n.  that part of a building that is made of stone and mortar; stonework
      n.  false show; pretence
            n.  celebration of Christ's Last Supper, esp in the Roman Catholic Church
        n.  cruel killing of a large number
         adj.  large, heavy and solid
     n.
            n.  upright post of wood or metal used to support a ship's sails
          v.  gain control of overcome (sth)
      n. person who is unusually intelligent, esp one who plans the work of others
     n. task done with great skill, esp an artist's greatest work
         n.  (~ complete) knowledge; great skill
       v. chew (food)
        n. large animal like an elephant, now extinct ,
             n.  piece of material, made of straw, rushes, fibre, etc, used to cover part of a floor
         n. bullfighter whose task is to fight and kill the bull
           n. short piece of wood or pasteboard with a head made of material that bursts into flame when rubbed against a rough or specially prepared surface
            n.  (infml ) (male) friend, companion or fellow-worker
        n.  substance or things from which sth else is or can be made; thing with which sth is done
     n. 1obsession with material possessions,bodily comforts, etc while neglecting spiritual values
     n.  person excessively interested in material things
   adj. of materialism
     To take perceptible or substantial form.
      adv. in a significant way; essentially
        adj.  of or like a mother
           adj. ~ (infml ) sociable; familiar; friendly
            (informal) short for: mathematics
    adj. of mathematics
  adv: She's not mathematically inclined, ie not interested in mathematics
     n. science of numbers, quantity and space, of which eg arithmetic, algebra, trigonometry and geometry are branches
           (informal) short for: mathematics
         n. afternoon performance at a cinema or theatre
       n. female head of a family or tribe
     adj. a matriarchal society, tribe, etc
      n. type of society in which women are the heads of families, own property and have most of the authority
        pl of matrix
       n.  killing one's own mother
     v. be admitted or admit as a student to a university
   n. matriculating or being matriculated
       n. state of being married; marriage
          n. mould into which molten metal, liquid, etc is poured to form shapes for eg printer's type, gramophone records, etc
          n.  woman who manages the domestic affairs of a school, etc
          n.  affair, topic or situation being considered
        n. fabric case filled with soft or springy material and used for sleeping on .
      n. process of becoming or being made mature
    [ maturation: ] the process of maturing or ripening
          adj.  fully grown or developed mentally or physically; having achieved one's full potential
        n. state of being mature
         adj. foolishly or tearfully sentimental or self-pitying, esp when drunk ,
            v.  ~ sb/sth (about) handle sb/sth roughly or brutally
         v.  ~ talk in a rambling way
       n. large, finely built tomb
           adj. n pale purple colour
           one who is experienced or knowledgeable:EXPERT
        n.  unbranded calf
         adj. sentimental in a feeble or sickly way
           n. saying that expresses a general truth or rule of conduct, eg `Waste not, want not' ,
         adj. as great as can be achieved
        [ maximize: ] vt. to make as high or great as possible; increase to a maximum
        vt. to make as high or great as possible; increase to a maximum
         n. (abbr  max) greatest amount, size, intensity, etc possible or recorded
             n. the fifth month of the year, next after April
           adv.  perhaps; possibly
          n.  violent disorder or confusion; havoc
           n. head of the council of a city or borough, usu elected yearly
         adj. of a mayor or mayoress
            n.  network of paths or hedges designed as a puzzle in which one must find one's way
              pers pron.  person who is the speaker or writer
            n. alcoholic drink made from fermented honey and water
          n. grassland, esp used for growing hay; (area of) low, often boggy, land near a river
          deficient in quality or quantity
          adj.  small in quantity and poor in quality
            n.  occasion when food is eaten
    hesitant to state facts or opinions simply and directly as from e.g. timidity or hypocrisy
            v.  ~ sth (to sb) (intend to) convey sth; signify sth
         v.  follow a winding course, flowing slowly
         n.  what is conveyed or signified; sense
           n.  action by which a result is brought about; method
           pt, pp of mean1
        adv. meanwhile
       adv. in the time between two events; at the same time
         n. infectious disease, esp of children, with a fever and small red spots that cover the whole body
          adj. ridiculously small in size, amount or value
      adj.  that can be measured
         v.  ~ (sth) (up) find the size, length, volume, etc of (sth) by comparing it with a standard unit
        adj.  carefully considered
     n.  measuring
       [ measure: ] the extent, quantity, amount, or degree of something, as determined by measurement or calculation
            n.  flesh of animals, esp mammals rather than fish or birds, used as food
           n.  city in Saudi Arabia, birthplaceof Muhammad and the spiritual centre of Islam ,
        n. worker skilled in using or repairing machines or tools
      adj.  of, connectedwith, produced by or operated by a machine or machines
    adv. in a mechanical way
       n.  science of motion and force; science of machinery
       n.  working parts of a machine, etc
   [ mechanize: ] to equip (a factory, industry, etc.) with machinery
       to equip (a factory, industry, etc.) with machinery
           n. flat piece of metal, usu shaped like a coin and stamped with words and a design, which commemorates an event etc, or is awarded to sb for bravery, sporting achievement, etc
       n. large medal
          v. ~ (in sth) interfere (in sth that is not one's concern)
         n. person who meddles
      adj. fond of or in the habit of meddling
           n. the media means of mass communication, eg TV, radio, newspapers
       = medieval
          adj.  situated in the middle
          adj. situated in or passing through the middle
         v.  ~ act as a peacemaker or go-between for two or more people, groups, etc who disagree
       n.
        n. person, organization, etc that mediates
         adj.  of the art of medicine; of curing disease
       adv: medically sound
        to cover or impregnate (a wound, etc.) with an ointment, cream, etc.
        n.  prevention and cure of disease, esp by drugs, diet, etc, but sometimes including surgery also
        adj. of the Middle Ages, about AD 1100-1400 , 1100-1400
        adj. not very good; second-rate
      n.  quality of being mediocre
        v.  ~ think deeply, esp about spiritual matters
      n.  deep thought, esp about spiritual matters
      adj. of meditation; engrossed in thought
   adj. of or similar to the Mediterranean Sea or the countries, etc bordering it
          n. (pl usu media) means by which sth is expressed or communicated
          n.  piece of music made up of passages from other musical works
            adj. humble and obedient; submissive
            v.  come face to face with (sb); come together
         n.  coming together of people, esp for discussion
        n. large stone, esp one erected as a monument in ancient times
      adj.  made of megaliths
     n. form of madness in which a person has an exaggerated view of his own importance, power, etc
    n. person suffering from megalomania
        one million watts.
     adj. melancholy
      n. deep sadness which lasts for some time; depression ;
         n. mixture; medley ;
            a form of rummy using two decks and four jokers; jokers and deuces are wild; the object is to meld groups of seven of the same rank
           n. confusedstruggle; confused crowd of people
       To make better or improve, as in quality or social or physical condition.
       The belief that society has an innate tendency toward improvement and that this tendency may be furthered through conscious human effort.
     adj. sweet-sounding; (almost) musical
       adj. of or producingpleasant music; tuneful
       n.  drama full of sensational events and exaggerated characters, often with a happy ending
    adj. of, like or suitable for melodrama
          n.  arrangement of words put to music; song or tune
           n. large juicy round fruit of various types of plant that trail along the ground
            v.  become liquid through heating
          [ melt: ] to liquefy (a solid) or (of a solid) to become liquefied, as a result of the action of heat
          n.  person belonging to a group, society, etc
      n.  state of being a member of a group, society, etc
        n. thin pliable skin-like tissue connecting, covering or lining parts of an animal or a vegetable body
         n. thing given, bought, etc and kept as a reminder (of a person, a place or an event)
          n.  written record of events, usu based on personal knowledge
       adj. deserving to be remembered; easily remembered
      n.  note made for future use, esp to help oneself remember sth
        n. ~ monument, plaque, ceremony, etc that reminds people of an event or a person
     commemorate
        to commit to memory; learn so as to remember
          n.  power of the mind by which facts can be remembered
             pl of man1
          n.  threatening quality, tone, feeling, etc
       n. collection of wild animals in captivity, esp in a travelling circus or for exhibition
            v.  return (sth broken, worn out or torn) to good condition or working order; repair
      adj. untruthful; lying
       n.  untruthfulness
       n, adj (person) getting a living by begging
          adj. (of work) suitable to be done by servants; unskilled
          adj.  of, in or to the mind
       n.  characteristic attitude of mind; way of thinking
        adv. in the mind; with regard to the mind
         n. solid white substanceobtained from oil of peppermint, used to relieve pain and as a flavouring, eg in cigarettes or toothpaste
         v.  ~ sth/sb (as sth); ~ sth/sb (to sb) write or speak about sth/sb briefly; say the name of sth/sb; refer to sth/sb
          n. experienced and trusted adviser of an inexperienced person
            n.  list of dishes available at a restaurant or to be served at a meal
      adj. of trade and commerce; of merchants ;
       adj. interested only in making money, etc; done from this motive
     n. goods bought and sold; goods for sale
        n.  wholesale trader, esp one who trades with foreign countries
        => mercy
       adj. ~ showing no mercy; pitiless
       adj.  (of people or their moods, etc) often changing
         n. the planet nearest to the sun
           n.  kindness, forgiveness, restraint, etc shown to sb one has the right or power to punish
            adj.  nothing more than; no better or more important than
          adv. only; simply
    adj. apparently attractive but in fact valueless
           v.  ~ ~ (together); ~ A with B/~ A and B (together) (esp commerce ) (cause two things to) come together and combine
          n. joining together (esp two commercial companies)
        n. mixture of whites of egg and sugar baked until crisp and used as a covering over sweet pies, tarts, etc ,
           n.  quality of deserving praise or reward; worth; excellence
         deserved, be worthy of or entitled or liable to
     adj. deserving praise or reward
         n. mythical creature having the body of a woman, but a fish's tail instead of legs
           adj.  (dated ) happy and cheerful; full of joy and gaiety
            n. flat-topped hill with steep sides, common in south-western USA
        pl of madame
            n.  (piece of) material made of a network of wire, thread, etc
        adj. hypnotic
       n. hypnotism
       n. hypnotist
       hypnotize
        any small mimosaceous tree of the genus Prosopis, esp. the tropical American P. juliflora, whose sugary pods (mesquite beans) are used as animal fodder
            n.  dirty or untidy state
         n.  information, news, request, etc sent to sb in writing, speech, by radio, etc
       n. person carrying a message
       pl of Monsieur
           adj.  in a state of disorder; dirty
             adj. meteorological
       adj. of metabolism
      n. chemical process by which food is built up into living matter in an organism or by which living matter is broken down into simpler substances
           n.  any of a class of mineral substances such as tin, iron, gold, copper, etc, which are usu opaque and good conductors of heat and electricity, or any alloy of these
        adj. of or like metal
   [ metallurgy: ] the scientific study of the extraction, refining, alloying, and fabrication of metals and of their structure and properties
      The art or science of extracting a metal from ores, as by smelting.
    v. ~ (into sth) (fml ) (cause sb/sth to) change in form or nature
   n. (fml) change of form or nature, eg by natural growth or development
        n. use of a word or phrase to indicate sth different from (though related in some way to) the literal meaning, as in `I'll make him eat his words' or `She has a heart of stone' I'll make him eat his wordsShe has a heart of stone
    adj. of or like a metaphor; containing metaphors
      the system of first principles and assumptions underlying an enquiry or philosophical theory
    adj.  of metaphysics
   One skilled in metaphysics.
     n.  branch of philosophy dealing with the nature of existence, truth and knowledge
        any multicellular animal of the group Metazoa: includes all animals except sponges
            v. mete sth out (to sb) (fml ) give or administer (punishment, rewards, etc)
  Transition of the soul of a human being at death into another body, whether human or beast.
          n. small mass of matter that enters the earth's atmosphere from outer space, making a bright streak across the night sky as it is burnt up
        adj.  of meteors
       n. piece of rock or metal that has reached the earth's surface from outer space
  adj. of meteorology
   n. expert in meteorology
     n. scientific study of the earth's atmosphere and its changes, used esp for forecasting weather
           n. device that measures the volume of gas, water, etc passing through it, time passing, electrical current, distance, etc
        a colourless volatile poisonous liquid compound used as a solvent and fuel. Formula: CH3OH
          n.  way
      adj. done in an orderly, logical way
  [ methodical: ] less commonly methodic
       n. Protestantreligious denomination that originated in the teachings of John Wesley , 1703-179 , 1703-1791
     n.  set of methods used
      adj. ~ giving or showing great precision and care; very attentive to detail
  n.
        A figure of speech that consists in the naming of a thing by one of its attributes.
           n. unit of length in the metric system, equal to 39.37 inches , 39.37.
          adj.  of or based on themetre1
        adj. of or composed in verse, not prose
       n. device, usu with an inverted pendulum that can move back and forward at various speeds, which is used by a musician to mark time
      n. chief city of a region or country; capital
    adj. of or in a large or capital city
          n.  quality of endurance or courage, esp in people or horses
      adj. (usu of horses, etc) high-spirited; courageous ,
             n. cry characteristic of a cat or a seabird
          n. (fml )  unhealthy or unpleasant mist, etc
            pl of mouse
         n. tiny organism that can only be seen under a microscope, esp one that causes disease or fermentation
   n. small domestic or business computer in which the central processor is a microprocessor
       n.  thing or being regarded as representing the universe, or mankind, on a small scale; miniature representation
      n. device for measuring very small objects, angles or distances
          n. one millionth of a metre; micrometre
   any organism, such as a bacterium, protozoan, or virus, of microscopic siz
      n. instrument that changes sound waves into electrical current
  n. central data processing unit of a computer, contained on one or more microchips
      n. instrumentwith lenses for making very small objects appear larger
     adjs.  too small to be seen without the help of a microscope
      The art of examing objects with the microscope.
       n.  very short electromagnetic wave used esp in radio and radar, and also in cooking
          n. middle of the day; noon
          n.  the middle point, position or part which is at an equal distance from two or more points, etc; point between the beginning and the end
          n. extremely small person
        n.  1
           n. middle part
       n.  the middle of summer, around
         n. person, esp a woman, trained to assist women in childbirth
            n. person's appearance or bearing, esp as an indication of mood, etc
            a trivial quarrel
           modal v  (indicating permission )
          adj.  (esp fml ) powerful; strong
         n, adj person or animal who migrates
         v. ~ (to...)  move from one place to go to live or work in another
       n. (also transmigration) (action of) migrating
       adj. having or of the habit of migrating
            adj.  (of a person or his manner) gentle; soft
          n. tiny fungus forming a coating on plants, leather, food, etc in warm and damp conditions
          adv.  in a gentle manner
        n.
            n.  unit of distance equal to 1.6 km 1.6
         n.  distance travelled, measured in miles
       n.  stone put at the side of a road showing distances in miles
          n. (usu sing ) social surroundings; environment
        adj. using force or strong pressure, or supporting their use, to achieve one's aims
      n. believing in or depending on military strength and methods, esp as a government policy
      n. person who supports militarism
        adj. of or for soldiers or an army; of or for armed forces
        v. ~ against sth (of evidence, facts, etc) have great force or influence to prevent sth
         n. force of civilians who are trained as soldiers and reinforce the regular army in the internal defence of the country in an emergency
            n.  white liquid produced by female mammals as food for their young, esp that of cows, goats, etc drunk by human beings and made into butter and cheese
         n. man who goes from house to house delivering and selling milk
           adj.  of or like milk
            n.  machinery or apparatus for grinding grain into flour
      n.  period of 1000 years
          n. person who owns or runs a mill for grinding corn, esp a windmill or a water-mill ,
          n. type of cereal plant growing 3 to 4 feet high and producing a large crop of small seeds
      [ millimetre: ] one thousandth of a metre.
      one thousandth of a metre.
       n. (trimmings for) women's hats
         pron, det 1000000; one thousand thousand .
     n. person who has a million pounds, dollars, etc; very rich person ;
       pron, det 1000000th . n one of one million equal parts of sth . For the uses of million and millionth see examples at hundred and hundredth.  millionmillionthhundredhundredth
       n. instrument in a vehicle or on a bicycle for measuring the number of miles travelled
            n. (in the theatre, etc) use of only facial expressions and gestures to tell a story
         adj. of imitating or mimicking
           v.  copy the appearance or manner of (sb/sth) in a mocking or amusing way
         n. mimicking
         n. tall slender spire forming part of a mosque, with a balcony from which people are called to prayer by a muezzin
        adj. threatening
           v.  chop or cut into very small pieces in a machine with revolving blades
         adj. affected
            n.  ability to be aware of things and to think and feel
         adj.  ~ of sb/sth (fml ) giving thought and care or attention to sb/sth
        adj.  not requiring intelligence
            possess pron of or belonging to me
           n. person who works in a mine underground
         n.  substance that is not vegetable or animal, esp one with a constant chemical composition which is found naturally in the earth
          v.  ~ with sth/~ (together) form a mixture with sth; combine
           adj. (Brit infml ) mean; ungenerous; stingy
            n. (infml )  Mini (propr ) type of small car
       n.  very small detailed painting, usu of a person
     n. painter of miniatures
         adj. smallest in amount or degree
      a person advocating a minimal policy, style, technique, action, etc.
        [ minimize: ] to reduce to or estimate at the least possible degree or amount
        To reduce to the smallest possible amount or degree.
         n.  least or smallest amount, degree, etc possible
          n. (derog or joc ) subordinate or assistant, esp one who tries to win favour by obeying a superior slavishly
        n.  person at the head of a government department or a main branch of one (and often a member of the Cabinet)
    n. helping or serving, eg at a religious ceremony
        n.  (buildings containing a) government department
          n. any of several types of very small freshwater fish of the carp family
           adj.  smaller, less serious, less important, etc
        n.  (usu sing ) smaller number or part (esp of people voting or of votes cast)
        n.  travelling composer, player and singer of songs and ballads
            n.  any of various types of aromatic herb whose leaves are used for flavouring food, drinks, toothpaste, chewing-gum, etc
          n. slow graceful dance in triple time
           prep  with the deduction of; less
       adj. very small; tiny ;
          n.  one sixtieth part of an hour, equal to 60 seconds , 60
        adv.
         pl n  an official record of the proceedings of a meeting, conference, convention, etc
         a minute or minor detail
        n. very small or unimportant details
         n.  good or welcome act or event which does not follow the known laws of nature and is therefore thought to be caused by some supernatural power
      adj.  like a miracle; contrary to the laws of nature
          n.  optical illusion caused by hot air conditions, esp that of a sheet of water seeming to appear in the desert or on a hot road
            n.  swampy ground or bog; soft deep mud
           [ mire: ] a boggy or marshy area
          n.  polished surface, usu of coated glass or of metal, that reflects images
           n. merriment orhappiness; laughter
        adj. mirthless adj
            adj. swampy or boggy; muddy ;
    n.  (piece of) bad luck; misfortune
     a person who hates or distrusts mankind
    adj. hating or distrusting mankind or human society
     n. hatred or distrust of mankind
    v. understand (words or a person) wrongly
 n. under a misappre`hension not understanding correctly
       v. ~ behave badly or improperly
    v. calculate wrongly
  n.
        v.  (of a pregnant woman) have a miscarriage
   n. mixture of races; production of offspring by two people of different races ;
   adj.  of various kinds
      n. ~  varied collection of items
       n. (piece of) bad luck
        n.  behaviour that is annoying or does slight damage, but is not malicious (used esp as in the expressions shown)
     adj.  filled with, fond of or engaged in mischief
        adj. ~ (fml ) (of liquids) that can be mixed
      n.  (esp law ) improper behaviour, esp of a sexual or professional kind
     v. get a wrong idea of or misinterpret (sb's words, acts, etc)
        v. count wrongly
       n. villain; wrongdoer ;
         n. (fml ) wicked act; crime
     a crime less serious than a felony
       v.  ~ sb/sth instruct sb to go or send sth to the wrong place
           n. person who loves wealth for its own sake and spends as little as possible
       adj.  very unhappy or uncomfortable; wretched
       adv: die miserably  * a miserably wet day  * be miserably poor  * We failed miserably to agree
     n.
         adj.  like a miser; mean or selfish
          n.  great suffering or discomfort
          n.  person not well suited to his work or his surroundings
      n.  bad luck
         verb (-gives, -giving, -gave, -given)
       n. (feeling of) doubt, worry, suspicion or distrust
      [ misgiving: ] a feeling of uncertainty, apprehension, or doub
        to guide or direct wrongly or badly
          n. unlucky accident(usu not serious)
       to give incorrect information to
     [ misinform: ] to give incorrect information to
    v. interpret wrongly; make a wrong inference from(sth)
        v.  form a wrong opinion of
     [ misjudge: ] verb  to judge (a person or persons) wrongly or unfairly
          v. (often euph ) put (sth) where it cannot easily be found; lose (sth), usu for a short time only
         v.  ~ sb (about/as to sth) cause sb to have a wrong idea or impression about sb/sth
      adj. giving wrong ideas, etc; deceptive
   n.
        n. wrong use of a name, word or description
        hatred of marriage
      n. person who hates women
        Hatred of women.
        v.  put (sth) in the wrong place
         v.  ~ sth (as sth) read sth wrongly
    to give a false or misleading representation of usually with an intent to deceive or be unfair
         n. bad government; disorder or confusion
            n.  failure to hit, catch or reach sth aimed at
          n. book containing the prayers, etc for Mass throughout the year in the Roman Catholic Church
       adj. badly shaped; deformed
         n.  object or weapon that is thrown or fired at a target
         adj.  that cannot be found or that is not in its usual place; lost
         n.  group of people sent abroad, esp on political or commercial business
      n. person sent to preach usu the Christian religion, esp amongpeople who are ignorant of it
         n. letter, esp a long or official one
            n.  cloud of minute drops of water vapour hanging just above the ground, less thick than fog but still difficult to see through
         n.  wrong idea or opinion; misconception
        adj.  ~ wrong in opinion
          n.  (full form, rarely used in writing, of the abbreviation Mr *Mr, )
        [ mistime: ] to time (an action, utterance, etc.) wrongl
         pt of mistake
         n. the mistral strong cold dry N or NW wind that blows in S France, usu in winter
        n.  woman in a position of authority or control
        v.  feel no confidence in
     adj. ~ (of sb/sth)
           [ mist: ] a thin fog resulting from condensation in the air near the earth's surface
           adj.  full of or covered with mist
   v. interpret (instructions, messages, etc) incorrectly; form a wrong opinion of (sb/sth)
n.  failure to understand rightly or correctly
   adj. not properly or sympathetically understood
          v.  use in the wrong way or for the wrong purpose
            n.  very small or modest contribution or offering
           The junction of two bodies at an equally divided angle.
        v. make (sth) less severe, violent or painful; moderate
      n.
           n.  tall pointed head-dress worn by bishops and abbots on ceremonial occasions as a symbol of their office
          n.  type of glove covering four fingers together and the thumb separately .
             v. ~ sth (for sb/sth) make or prepare sth by putting substances, etc together so that they are no longer distinct
           n.  device for mixing things
         n.  mixing orbeing mixed
        adj. of or designed to help the memory
       a technique of improving the memory
            n.  long low mournful sound, usu expressing regret, pain or suffering
            n. deep wide ditch filled with water, dug round a castle, etc as a defence
          adj. having a moat
             n.  large disorderly crowd,esp one that has gathered to attack or cause mischief
          adj.  that can move or be moved easily and quickly from place to place
        n. being mobile
        to prepare for war or other emergency by organizing (national resources, the armed services, etc.)
       Lawless control of public affairs by the mob or populace.
        n. flat-soled shoe made from soft leather, as originally worn by N American Indians
            v.  ~ makefun of (sb/sth), esp by mimicking him/it contemptuously; ridicule
         n.  action of mocking sb/sth; scorn or ridicule
            n.  ~ (fml ) way or manner in which sth is done
           n.  representation of sth, usu smaller than the original
           n. device linking a computer system and eg a telephone line so that data can be transmitted at high speeds from one computer to another
        adj.  average in amount, intensity, quality, etc; not extreme
      adv. to a moderate extent; not very; quite
      n.  quality of being moderate; freedom from excess; restraint
       n.  person who arbitrates in a dispute; mediator ;
          adj.  of the present or recent times; contemporary
       n. modern ideas or methods in contrast to traditional ones, esp in art or religion
       n. believer in or supporter of modernism . adj of or associated with modernism ;
     adj. noticeably modern; showing modernism
       n. being modern
   [ modernize: ] vt. to make modern in appearance or style
       To make characteristic of the present or of recent times.
          adj.  not large in amount, size, etc; moderate
         n. state of being modest
         n. ~ small or moderate amount of sth
    n. modifying or being modified
          v.  change (sth) slightly, esp to make it less extreme or to improve it
          adj. fashionable
        v.  vary the strength, volume or pitch of
      toning down; changing from one key to another
          n.  any one of a set of standardized parts or units that are made separately and are joined together to construct a building or piece of furniture
           n. very rich, important or influential person
          n. ~ (of sth) (fml or law ) either of two parts into which sth is divided; half ;
           adj. slightly wet
       [ moist: ] slightly damp or wet
        n. tiny drops of water on a surface, in the air, etc
           n. any of the teeth at the back of the jaw used for grinding and chewing food
        n.  thick dark syrup drained from raw sugar during the refining process
            = mould
        [ mould: ] a shaped cavity used to give a definite form to fluid or plastic material
         = moulding
           = mouldy (mould3)
       adj. of or relating to molecules
        n. smallest unit into which a substance can be divided without a change in its chemical nature
       [ molecule: ] the simplest unit of a chemical compound that can exist, consisting of two or more atoms held together by chemical bonds
          v. trouble or annoy (sb) in a hostile way or in a way that causes injury
        n: a child molester
   n.
         v. lessen the anger of (sb); make calmer; soothe
         n. any of the class of animals, including oysters, mussels, snails and slugs, that have a soft body, no backbone, and usu a hard shell
         invertebrate having a soft unsegmented body usually enclosed in a shell
     v. treat (sb) with too much kindness and protection; pamper
            the act or process of  sheding hair, feathers, shell, horns, or an outer layer periodically;  specifically :ECDYSIS
          adj. melted or made liquid by heating to a very high temperature
          n.  very brief period of time
       adj. lasting for a very short time
       adj. very important; serious
        n.  force that increases the rate of development of a process; impetus
         being or relating to a monad
         n. supreme ruler; king, queen, emperor or empress
      n. person who believes that a country should be ruled by a monarch
        n.  system of government by a monarch
       n. building in which monks live as a community
        adj.  of or relating to monks or monasteries
     n. way of life of monks in monasteries
        adj. => monophonic
          n. the second day of the week, next after Sunday
        adj. of money or currency
           n. means of payment, esp coins and banknotes, given and accepted in buying and selling
       n. = Down's syndrome
         n.  dog of mixed breed
        Friendly counsel given by way of warning and implying caution or reproof.
         n.  device used to observe, record or test sth
        Admonition or warning.
            n. member of a religious community of men who live apart from the rest of society and who have made solemn promises, esp not to marry and not to have any possessions
          n.  member of the group of animals most similar to humans in appearance, esp a type of small long-tailed tree-climbing animal
   having or consisting of one color or hue
      adj.  having or using images in black, white and shades of grey; black and white
         n. single glass lens for one eye, kept in position by the muscles round the eye
       Government by a single person.
      adj.
        n. practice or custom of being married to only one person at a time
        n. two or more letterscombined in one design and marked on handkerchiefs, notepaper, etc ,
       n. detailed scholarly study of one subject
        n. large single upright block of stone, usu shaped into a pillar or monument
      adj.  consisting of one or more monoliths
       n.  long speech by one person in a conversation, which prevents other people from talking; soliloquy ;
       n. state of mind in which a person is obsessed with one idea or subject
      n. sufferer from monomania
       n. aeroplane with only one set of wings
  [ monopolize: ] to have, control, or make use of fully, excluding others
      to get a monopoly of:assume complete possession or control of
        n.  sole right to supply or trade in some commodity or service
    n. word with only one syllable, eg it, and, no it and no
      n. belief that there is only one God
      n. believer in monotheism
        n.  way of speaking in which the pitch of the voice remains level and unchanging
      adj. not changing and therefore uninteresting; boring or tedious
        n. state of being monotonous; lack of variety that causes weariness and boredom
        n. (French) (title used before the name of a man to refer to him, or used alone as a formal and polite term of address) Mr; sir
         n.  seasonal wind in S Asia, esp in the Indian Ocean, blowing from SW from April to October and from NE from October to April
         n.  large, ugly and frightening creature, esp an imaginary one
     n. thing that is large and very ugly
       adj.  shocking, unjust or absurd; outrageous
         n.  picture, film or piece of music or writing made up of many separate items put together, esp in an interesting combination
           n.  any of the twelve periods of time into which the year is divided, eg May and June
         adj.  done, happening, published, etc once a month or every month
        n.  building, column, statue, etc built to remind people of a famous person or event
      adj.  of, related to or serving as a monument
    adv. extremely
           v.  ~ sth (US infml ) get sth by asking; cadge sth
            n.  state of one's feelings or mind at a particular time
       n.
           adj.  having moods that change quickly
            n.  (usu  the moon) the natural body that moves round the earth once every 28 days and shines at night by light reflected from the sun
        n. ray of moonlight
       n. light of the moon
            n. open uncultivated high area of land, esp one covered with heather
            adj. a moot `point/`question matter about which there is uncertainty
             n.  tool consisting of a bundle of thick strings or a piece of sponge fastened to a long handle, used for cleaning floors
            v.  feel very unhappy and pity oneself
          a less common word for: poppet [1]
           adj.  concerning principles of right and wrong behaviour; ethical
          n. state of confidence, enthusiasm, determination, etc of a person or group at a particular time
        n. person who expresses or teaches moral principles, esp one who tells people how they should behave
      adj. having or showing definite but narrow beliefs and judgements about right and wrong actions
        n.  principles of good behaviour
        To render virtuous.
         adv.  in a moral manner
          [ moral: ] concerned with or relating to human behaviour, esp. the distinction between good and bad or right and wrong behaviour
          n.  stretch of low soft wet land; marsh
      n.  ~ (on sth) temporary stopping of an activity, esp by official agreement
          adj.  having or showing an interest in gloomy or unpleasant things, esp disease or death
       the ratio of deaths in an area to the population of that area; expressed per 1000 per year ; the relative incidence of a particular disease
         adj. very sarcastic; biting
            indef det, indef pron ~ (than...)  a greater or additional number or amount(of)
        adv. further; besides; in addition
           n. customs or conventions considered typical of or essential to a group or communtiy
      adj. between a man of high rank (eg a prince) and a woman of lower rank who keeps her lower status, the children having no claim to the property, titles, etc of their father ,
          n. building in which dead bodies are kept before being buried or cremated; mortuary ;
        adj. at the point of death; about to come to an end
         n.  early part of the day between dawn and noon or before the midday meal
         n. fine soft leather made from goatskins, or an imitation of this, used for making shoes and covers for books ,
           n.  very stupid person
         adj. (behaving) like a moron
          adj. very unhappy, bad-tempered and silent; sullen
      [ morose: ]
      [ morpheme: ] mor'phemic adj.
      n.  scientific study of the form and structure of animals and plants
          n. ~ small amount or piece of sth, esp food
          adj.  that must die; that cannot live for ever
       n.  state of being mortal
        adv.  resulting in death
          n. mixture of lime or cement, sand and water, used to hold bricks, stones, etc together in building
        n. agreement in which money is lent by a building society, bank, etc for buying a house or other property, the property being the security
       n. =undertaker
   strong feelings of embarrassment
         v.  cause (sb) to be very ashamed or embarrassed
         n. hole cut in a piece of wood, etc to receive the end of another piece so that the two are held together ,
        n. room or building in which dead bodies are kept before being buried or cremated
          n.  picture or pattern made by placing together small pieces of glass, stone, etc of different colours
          =Muslim
          n. building in which Muslims worship
        n. small flying insect (esp the type that spreads malaria) the female of which sucks the blood of people and animals
            n.  very small green or yellow flowerless plant growing in thick masses on damp surfaces or trees or stones
            indef det, indef pron  greatest in number, amount or extent ; . (det)
          adv. almost all; generally
            n.  small particle, usu of dust; speck ;
           n. hotel for motorists, with space for parking cars near the rooms
           n. short piece of church music, usu for voices only
            n.  insect like a butterfly but less brightly coloured, flying mainly at night and attracted to bright lights
        n.  small ball made of a strong-smelling substance, used for keeping moths away from stored clothes
      adj.  eaten, damaged or destroyed by moths
          n.  female parent of a child or animal
      n. state of being a mother
      adj. having no mother
           n.  decorative design or pattern
          exhibiting or capable of movement
        ability to move spontaneously and independently
          n.  moving
      adj. not moving; still
        v.  be the reason for cause (sb) to act in a particular way; inspire
       adj. a politically motivated murder
      n.
    [ motivation: ] the act or an instance of motivating
          n. ~ that which causes sb to act in a particular way; reason
      adj. an apparently motiveless crime
          adj.  of many different types of people or things
           n.  device that changes (usu electric) power into movement, used to make machines work
      Also called: motorbike  a two-wheeled vehicle, having a stronger frame than a bicycle, that is driven by a petrol engine, usually with a capacity of between 125 cc and 1000 cc
        n. (abbr  M) (US expressway) wide road specially built for fast-moving traffic, with a restricted number of places for entry and exit and separate carriageways for vehicles travelling in opposite directions
          to mark with spots or blotches of different color or shades of color as if stained
         adj. marked with patches of different colours without a regular pattern
           n.  short sentence or phrase chosen and used as a guide or rule of behaviour or as an expression of the aims or ideals of a family, a country, an institution, etc
           n.  hollow container with a particular shape, into which a soft or liquid substance (eg jelly or molten metal) is poured to set or cool into that shape
         v. ~ crumble to dust; decay slowly
           n. mountain; hill
        n.  mass of very high rock going up to a peak
     n. person who is skilled at climbing mountains
     adj.  having many mountains
      n. person who tries to cheat others by clever talk; swindler
           v. ~ feel or show sorrow or regret for the loss of sb/sth
        adj. sad; sorrowful
           n.  (often in compounds ) (any of several kinds of) small rodent with a long thin tail
           n.  opening through which animals take in food; space behind this containing the teeth, tongue, etc
        n.  as much as can easily be put into the mouth at one time
            n.  change of place or position
        n.  moving or being moved
           n.  cinema film
             v.  cut (grass, etc) using a machine with blades, or a scythe
            indef det, indef pron  a large amount or quantity (of sth)
        n. thick sticky fluid produced by plants, esp seaweed
            n.  excrement of farm animals, esp as used for fertilizing; manure
        disclose; uncover
           adj.  dirty
             n.  soft wet earth
          v.  ~ sth (up) put sth into disorder; mix sth up
        adj. confusing
           adj.  full of or covered in mud
            n. hollow roll of fur or other warm material used to keep the hands warm in cold weather
          v.  ~ sb/sth (in sth) wrap or cover sb/sth for warmth or protection
         adj. heard indistinctly, because an obstacle is in the way
         n.  scarf or other cloth worn round the neck for warmth
             n.  (usu straight-sided, fairly large) drinking vessel of china, metal or plastic with a handle, for use without a saucer
           adj. (of weather) oppressively warm and damp
         n. person who has one black parent and one white
        n. tree with broad, dark-green leaves on which silkworms feed
           n. protective covering spread over the roots of trees and bushes, to retain moisture, kill weeds, etc  ,
           defraud a person of something; fine
            n.  animal that is the offspring of a donkey and a horse, used for carrying loads and noted for its stubbornness
        n. person who leads mules
          adj. stubborn; obstinate ;
            v. make into a hot drink with sugar, spices, etc
    (of a gem) having many facets
    adj. of many different kinds; having great variety
       having many forms
    adj. involving two or more participants
    adj.  speaking or using many languages
        adj. having or involving many individuals, items or types
  n.  multiplying or being multiplied
    n. ~ of sth large number or great variety of things
        v.  ~ A by B/~ A and B (together) add a number to itself a particular number of times
       n.  ~ (of sb/sth) extremely large number of people or things (esp of people gathered or moving about in one area)
             adj.  silent
          v. ~ ~ sth (to sb) speak or say sth unclearly and usu quietly, so that people cannot hear what is said
           n. body of a human being or animal that has been mummified for burial
           n. disease with painful swellings in the neck, caught esp by children
           v. ~ chew (sth) with much movement of the jaw
         adj. ordinary and typically unexciting
       adj. of a town or city with its own local government
    n. town, city or district with its own local government; governing body of such a town, etc ;
     n. great generosity
      adj. extremely generous; (of sth given) large in amount or splendid in quality
        (rare)
       n. documents kept as evidence of rights or privileges
        v. ~ sth provide sth with munitions
       n. military supplies, esp guns, shells, bombs, etc
           n. painting done on a wall
          n.  unlawful killing of a human being intentionally
        n. person guilty of murder
           adj.  unpleasantly dark; gloomy
          n.  low continuous indistinct sound
          n.  length of stretchable tissue in an animal body that is attached at each end to bone and can be tightened or relaxed to produce movement
        adj.  of the muscles
     the arrangement of muscles in an organ or part
            n.  the Muses the nine goddesses, daughters of Zeus or Jupiter, who protected and encouraged poetry, music, dancing, history and other branches of art and literature ,
          n. building in whichobjects of artistic, cultural, historical or scientific importanceand interest are displayed
        n. fast-growing fungus with a round flattish head and a stalk, of which some kinds can be eaten
           adj.  like mush
           n.  art of arranging the sounds of voice(s) or instrument(s) or both in a pleasing sequence or combination
         adj.  of or for music
       in or of music
        n. person who makes music by playing or conducting
    n. art and skill in music
      n. academic study of music
          n. long-barrelled firearm used by soldiers from the 16th to the 19th centuries 1619
          (Canadian)
           adj. (smelling) like musk
            modal v  (indicating obligation )
        = moustache
         n.  plant with yellow flowers and sharp-tasting seeds in long thin pods
          n.  assembly or gathering of people or things, esp for review or inspection
           adj.  smelling or tasting stale, mouldy and damp
      n.
         adj. liable to change; likely to change ;
          v. ~ (cause sth to) undergo mutation
         [ mutate: ]
        n. change; alteration
            adj.  silent; making no sound
           (of a sound or colour) softened
        v. injure, damage or disfigure by breaking, tearing or cutting off a necessary part
      n. mutilating or being mutilated
        n. person guilty of mutiny
        adj. guilty of mutiny; refusing to obey; rebellious
          n. rebellion against lawful authority, esp by soldiers or sailors
          v.  ~ (to sb) (about sth) speak or say (sth) in a low voice that is hard to hear
        n. person who mutters
          n.  meat from a fully grown sheep
          adj.  felt or done by each towards the other
          n.  nose and mouth of an animal (eg a dog or fox)
           adj.  unable to think clearly; confused
              possess det  of or belonging to the speaker or writer
        n. science or study of fungi
          n.  short-sightedness
          adj.  short-sighted
          n. extremely large number
          reflex, emph pron    (reflex ) (used when the speaker or writer is also the person affected by an action )
      adj.  full of mystery; hard to understand or explain
         n.  thing of which the cause or origin is hidden or impossible to explain
          adj.  of hidden meaning or spiritual power, esp in religion
        relating to or characteristic of mysticism
       n. belief or experiences of a mystic; teaching and belief that knowledge of God and of real truth may be reached through meditation or spiritual insight, independently of reason and the senses
   n.  mystifying or being mystified
         v. make (sb) confused through lack of understanding; puzzle; bewilder
        n. quality of sth which is not fully known about or understood but is seen to be admirable or special
            n.  story that originated in ancient times, esp one dealing with ideas or beliefs about the early history of a race, or giving explanations of natural events, such as the seasons
        adj.  existing in myth
    adj. of or in mythology or myths
     n. person who studies myths
     to tell, study, or explain (myths)
       n.  study or science of myths
     n. fatal infectious disease of rabbits
               abbr.  =  north(ern)
             v. (Brit infml ) catch (sb) doing wrong; seize
           n.  point in the heavens directly beneath an observer
             n. horse
            n.  layer of horny substance over the outer tip of a finger or toe
           adj.  natural and innocent in speech and behaviour; unaffected
         [ naivety: ] the state or quality of being naive; ingenuousness; simplicity
         n.  quality of being naive
           adj.  without clothes on
            n.  word or words by which a person, an animal, a place or a thing is known and spoken to or of
        adj.  having no name or no known name; anonymous
          adv. that is to say; specifically
             n. short sleep, esp during the day
         n. type of inflammable oil obtained from coal tar and petrol
          n.  piece of cloth or paper used at meals for protecting one's clothes and wiping one's lips and fingers
      n. abnormal and excessive love or admiration for oneself
      [ narcissism: ] an exceptional interest in or admiration for oneself, esp. one's physical appearance
    (adj.) egotistical; self-centered; self-love, excessive interest in ones appearance, comfort, abilities, etc.
       n. any of severaltypes of spring flowering bulbs, including the daffodil
        n.  substance causing sleep or drowsiness
           adj. narkier, narkiest)  (slang)
         v. tell (a story); give a written or spoken account of
       n.  activity of telling a story, etc
       n.  spoken or written account of events; story
        n. person who narrates
          adj.  of small width compared with length
        adv.  only just; by only a small margin
   adj. not readyto listen to or tolerate the views of others
      n.
         n. Arctic animal like a whale, the male of which has a long spiral tusk
            abbr.  = National Aeronautics and Space Administration
           adj. of, for or in the nose
         adj. beginning to exist; not yet well developed
           adj.  unpleasant; disgusting
           pertaining to birth
        swimming
          n. large community of people, usu sharing a common history, language, etc, and living in a particular territory under one government
        adj.  of a nation; common to or characteristic of a whole nation
     n.  membership of a particular nation
          n.  person born in a place, country, etc, and associated with it by birth
        n.  the Nativity the birth of Jesus Christ
         adv. (often derog )
           adj. (infml )  (often derog ) smart and tidy; neat
         adj.  of, concerned with or produced by nature(1), not by human beings
      n. person who studies animals, plants, birds and other living things
       adv.  by nature
     n. state or quality of being natural
          n.  the whole universe and every created, not man-made, thing
          = nought 2
         adj.  (infml ) (used by adults when talking to or about children ) disobedient; bad; causing trouble
          n. feeling of sickness or disgust
        v. make feel nausea
      [ nauseate: ] vt. to arouse feelings of disgust or revulsion
        adj.  causing nausea; disgusting ;
        adj. of ships, sailors or navigation
           adj. of a navy; of warships
            n. long central part of a church, where the congregationsits .
           n. small hollow in themiddle of the belly where the umbilical cord was attachedat birth .
       adj.  suitable for ships, boats, etc to sail on
        v.  find the position and plot the course of a ship, an aircraft, a car, etc, using maps and instruments
      n.  action of navigating
            n. country's force of ships and their crews
          denial, refusal
        one who denies, refuses, opposes, or is skeptical or cynical about something
            n. tide when there is least difference between high and low water
            adj.  ~ (to sb/sth)  within a short distance or time from sb/sth; not far (from sb/sth) ;
          adj. near in position; not far away
          adv.  not completely; almost; very close to
            adj.  (of things) arranged in an orderly way; done carefully; tidy
        n.
          n. light or dark patch in the night sky caused by a cluster of very distant stars or a cloud of dust or gas
         adj. of nebulas
        adj.  cloudlike; hazy ;
     adv. as an inevitable result
       adj.  essential for a purpose; that cannot be done without or avoided
     v. make (sth) necessary
     adj. poor; needy
       n.  ~ circumstances that force one to do sth; state of being necessary; need
            n.  part of the body that connects the head to the shoulders
        n. ornament of pearls, beads, etc worn round the neck
       obituary notice; list of the dead
     n. person who practises necromancy
      n. art or practice of communicating by magic with the dead in order to learn about the future
      n. cemetery, esp a large ancient one
        the death of part of the body.
          n.  sweet liquid produced by flowers and collected by bees for making honey
       n. type of peach with a thin smooth skin and firm flesh
            modal v. (used only in negative sentences and questions, after if and whether or with hardly, scarcely, no one, etc(indicating obligation)
          n.  small thin piece of polished steel with a point at one end and a hole for thread at the other, used in sewing
        adj.  without need; unnecessary
      [ needless: ] adj. not required or desired; unnecessary
      n. sewing or embroidery
           adj. without the things that are needed for life, ie food and shelter; very poor
       adj. wicked; unlawful
          v.  deny or disprove the existence of (sb/sth)
        n.  action of denying
        adj.  expressing denial or refusal; indicating `no' or `not'
         v.  give no or not enough care or attention to
      adj. ~ in the habit of neglecting things or people
        A loose gown worn by women.
      n. lack of proper care or attention; carelessness
       adj. not giving proper attention or care to sth; careless
      adj. of little importance or size; not worth considering
      adj.  that can be settled by discussion
       v.  ~ (with sb) try to reach agreement by discussion
     n. discussion aimed at reaching an agreement; negotiating
      n. person who negotiates
           n. (sometimes offensive ) member of the black-skinned race of mankind that originated in Africa
           n. long high-pitched cry of a horse
       n.  person living next to or near another
   n.  district; area near a particular place
    [ neighbour: ] a person who lives near or next to another
         indef det, indef pron not one nor the other of two . (det)
         n. (usu sing) (fml) deserved and unavoidable punishment for wrong doing
       Modernized Latin.
       adj. of the later part of the Stone Age
       n.  newly-invented word
            n. chemical element, a colourless inert gas much used in illuminated signs because it glows with a bright light when an electric current is passed through it
         a baby from birth to four weeks
        n.  person recently converted to some belief or religion
    [ Neo-Platonism: ] adj. "Neo-'Platonist noun, adjectiv
          n. son of one's brother or sister, or son of one's brother-in-law or sister-in-law
       n. inflammation of the kidneys
        n. practice among people with power or influence of favouring their own relatives, esp by giving them jobs
         n. the planet eighth in order from the sun, one of the furthest in the solar system
           n.  fibre or bundle of fibres carrying impulses of sensation or of movement between the brain and all parts of the body
       adj. lacking strength; unable to move
         adj.  of the nerves
     n.
           adj. (infml )  (Brit) excitable; uneasy; jumpy ;
            n.  place or structure chosen or made by a bird for laying its eggs and sheltering its young
          v.  settle comfortably and warmly in a soft place
        n. bird that is too young to leave the nest
             n.  loose open material made of string, thread, wire, etc knotted or woven together
          adj. lower
      farthest down
          n.  common wild plant with hairs on its leaves that sting and redden the skin when touched
         n.  complex system of roads, etc crossingeach other
          adj. of the nerves
    adj. neurological research
       n. scientific study of nerves and their diseases
          [ neurone: ] adj.
        n. (medical) mental illness that causes depression or abnormal behaviour, often with physical symptoms but with no sign of disease
        adj. caused by or suffering from neurosis; abnormally anxious or obsessive
          adj.  (of a word) neither masculine nor feminine in gender
         adj.  not supporting or helping either side in a dispute, contest,war, etc; impartial
      n. state of being neutral, esp in war
  [ neutralize: ] [also intr]  to render or become ineffective or neutral by counteracting, mixing, etc.; nullify
      to counteract the activity or effect of:make ineffective
         n. particle carrying no electric charge, with about the same mass as a proton,and forming part of the nucleus of an atom
           adv.  at no time; on no occasion; not ever
    adv, conj in spite of this; however; still
             adj.  not existing before; seen, introduced, made, invented, etc recently or for the first time
           adv.  recently
            n.  new or fresh information; report(s) of recent events
       n. (US `newsdealer) shopkeeper who sells newspapers, magazines, etc
       n.  printed publication, issued usu daily or weekly with news, advertisements, articles on various subjects, etc
          n.  one of the deepest craters on the moon, over 7300 metres deep and about 112 kilometres in diameter, situated in the SE quadrant
            adj. ~ ~ (to do sth/that...)  (usu with the the) coming immediately after (sb/sth) in order, space or time
           n. (fml ) connected group or series; bond or connection
             n. metal point of a pen
          v.  ~ (at sth) take tiny bites of sth
            adj.  pleasant; agreeable
          n.  accuracy; precision
           n.  shallow recess, esp in a wall
            n.  small cut or notch
          n.  chemical element, a hard silver-white metal often used in alloys
        n. familiar or humorous name given to a person instead of or as well as his real name, often a short form of the real name, or a referenceto the person's character, etc
        n. poisonous oily substance found in tobacco
           n. daughter of one's brother or sister, or daughter of one's brother-in-law or sister-in-law
           adj. (infml )  clever; skilful
         n. mean stingy person
       adj.  mean; stingy
          v.  ~ give too much time and attention to unimportant details; criticize in a petty way
        adj.  too unimportant to give time or attention to; trifling
           n.  time of darkness between sunset and sunrise
       n.  frightening dream
        n.  total rejection of all religious and moral beliefs
        n. believer in nihilism
      adj. of nihilism
             n. nothing, esp as the score in games
          adj. able to move quickly and neatly; agile
      n. foolish person
            pron, det  9; one more than eight 9.
         n.  ninepins game in which a ball is rolled along the floor at nine bottle-shaped blocks of wood in order to knock them down
        pron, det 19; one more than eighteen 19.
      pron, det 19th; next after eighteenth 19. n one of nineteen equal parts of sth . For the uses of nineteen and nineteenth see the examples at five and fifth. nineteennineteenthfivefifth
       pron, det 90th; next after eighty-ninth 90. n one of ninety equal parts of sth
          pron, det 90; one more than eighty-nine 90.
           pron. det 9th; next after eighth 9 . n one of nine equal parts of sth
             v.  press (sth) hard (eg between the finger and thumb, or the teeth, or with the claws as a crab does); pinch
          n.  claw of a crab, lobster, etc
         pl n  an instrument or tool, such as a pair of pliers, for snipping, pinching, or squeezin
         [ nip: ] to catch or tightly compress, as between a finger and the thumb; pinch
           adj. (infml )  nimble; quick
         n. state of perfect bliss in which the individual becomes absorbed into the supreme spirit
             n.  louse or other parasitic insect
         be overly critical; criticize minor details
      minute and usually unjustified criticism
         n. salt formed by the chemical reaction of nitric acid with an alkali, esp potassium nitrate or sodium nitrate, used as fertilizers
        n. chemical element, a gas without colour, taste or smell that forms about four-fifths of the atmosphere .
              neg det  not any; not one; not a
           adj. belonging to the aristocracy by birth or rank
           adv. in a noble manner; splendidly
          neg pron not anybody; no person
       adj.  of or in the night; done or happening in the night
        n.  soft dreamy piece of music
             v.  ~ (to/at sb) move (the head) down and then up again quickly to show agreement, or as a greeting or command
          n.  small measure of alcoholic drink, usu pint
           n.  sound, esp when it is loud, unpleasant, confused or unwanted
       adj. making little or no noise
         adj. offensive; disgusting; stinking
           adj.  making or accompanied by a lot of noise
           n.  member of a tribe that wanders from place to place looking for pasture for its animals and having no fixed home
         adj. of nomads; wandering
    n. system of naming, esp in a particular branch of science
         adj.  existing, etc in name only; not real or actual
        v.  ~ sb formally propose that sb should be chosen for a position, office, task, etc
      n. nominating or being nominated
         n. person who is nominated for an office, a position, etc
          n. state of being under full legal age; minority(2)
     indifference; lack of interest
      adj. not feeling or showing interest or enthusiasm; calm and casual
    neutral; unpledged; undecided
   n, adj  who does not conform to normal socialconventions
   n.  failure to conform to normal social conventions
     n, adj without a distinctive character and so not easily classified
            indef pron  ~ (of sb/sth) (referring back to a plural n or pron ) not one; not any
       n.  person without any special qualities or achievements; unimportant person
        n. person or thing that is better than all others
     adv. nevertheless; however
      writing dealing with facts and events rather than imaginative narration
    not flammable;  specifically :not easily ignited and not burning rapidly if ignited
       n. adj (person or thing) without an equal or rival
         v. surprise or puzzle (sb) greatly
       [ nonplus: ] vt. to put at a loss; confound
      greatly surprised
        n.  meaningless words
     adj. not making sense; absurd
         designed to reduce or prevent skidding
      abstaining (on principle) from the use of violence ; achieved without bloodshed
            n.  sheltered quiet place or corner
            n. (used without a or the athe) 1
           n.  loop in one end of a rope, with a knot that allows the loop to be tightened as the other end of the rope is pulled
             conj, adv  and not
            n.  standard or pattern that is typical (of a group, etc)
          adj.  in accordance with what is typical, usual or regular
        The state of being normal.
       n. state of being normal
   the act or process of normalizing
       to bring or make into the normal state
        adv.
          adj.  of the style introduced into England in the 11th century by invaders from Normandy in France (Normans) 11
       adj. describing or setting standards or rules of language, behaviour, etc, which should be followed
           n.  (esp with the the) one of the four main points of the compass, lying to the left of a person facing the sunrise
       the point of the compass or direction midway between north and east, 45 clockwise from north
        adj. of or in the north
    adj. lying farthest to the north
      adv. towards the north .
       the point of the compass or direction midway between north and west, clockwise 315 from north
            n.  part of the face above the mouth, used for breathing and smelling
        n.  sharp vertical descent by an aircraft, etc, with the nose pointing towards the earth
         n. small bunch of flowers
       n. sentimental longing for things that are past
       adj. of, feeling or causing nostalgia
         n. either of the two external openings in the nose through which the breath passes .
         n.  medicine falsely recommended as effective; quack remedy ;
             adv.  (used with aux vs and modal vs to form the negative; often contracted to -n't / nt; nt/ in speech and informal writing  ; -n't)
      n. famous or important person
         adj. deserving to be noticed; remarkable
         adv. noticeably; remarkably
           n.  ~ V-shaped cut in an edge or surface V
         notched like a saw with teeth pointing toward the apex ; having an irregularly notched or toothed margin as though gnawed
            n.  short written record to aid the memory
        n. small book for writing notes in
           adj. ~ well-known; famous
  [ noteworthy: ] adj. worthy of notice; notable
      adj. deserving to be noted; remarkable
         neg pron  not anything; no single thing
          n.  written or printed news or information, usu displayed publicly
      adj. easily seen or noticed
          v. ~ sb (of sth); ~ sth to sb (fml ) inform sb (of sth); report sth to sb
          n.  ~ idea or belief; concept
       n. fame for being bad in some way
       adj. ~ (derog ) well-known for some bad quality, deed, etc
     adv.
 prep (can also follow the n to which it refers ) without being affected by (sth); in spite of
          n.  the figure 0
            n. word which can be the subject or object of a verb or the object of a preposition; word marked n in this dictionary
         v.  keep alive and well with food
     n. food
            n. (astronomy) star that suddenly becomes much brighter for a short period
           adj. new and strange; of a kind not known before
     adj. characteristic of a novelette; trite or sentimenta
         n.  quality of being novel; newness; strangeness
        n. the eleventh month of the year, next after October
          n.  person who is new and inexperienced in a job, situation, etc; beginner
       procaine administered as a hydrochloride; novocain is a trademark
             adv.  at the present time
        adv. at the present time
         adv.  not anywhere
         adj. harmful; poisonous
          n. spout or end-piece of a pipe, etc through which a stream of air or liquid is directed ,
          n. subtle difference in meaning, colour, feeling, etc
          adj.  old enough to marry
         adj.  of a nucleus, esp of an atom
        to form into a nucleus:CLUSTER
         n.  central part, around which other parts are grouped or collected
            adj. naked
           v.  touch or push with one's elbow to draw his attention to sth
          n. nakedness
        adj. worthless; pointless; not valid
        n. thing, person or behaviour that is troublesome or annoying
         v.  make (an agreement, etc) lose its legal force
         n. lack of legal force; lack of validity
            adj. without the power to feel or move
          n.  symbol or word indicating a quantity of units; numeral
        without ability to move a finger
      n. method or process of numbering
       adj. of, expressed in or representing numbers
     adv. in terms of numbers
      study of numbers
        adj. very many
        adj. inspiring awe; divine ;
      the collection and study of money (and coins in particular)
     n. study of coins, coinage and medals
     n. expert in numismatics; collector of coins and medals ;
             n. woman living in a convent, usu after taking religious vows
         n. house where an order of nuns lives; convent ;
         adj. of marriage or of a wedding
        n. wedding
           n.  person, usu female, trained to help a doctor to look after the sick or injured
         n.  place where young children are cared for, usu while their parents are at work, etc
         v.  care for and educate
             n.  fruit consisting of a hard shell with a kernel inside it that can be eaten
        n, adj (substance) serving as or providing nourishment, esp for plants or animals
       n. nourishing food
       n.  nourishment; food
     adj. the nutritional value of a food
    n. expert in nutrition
      adj. of (high) value as food; nourishing
       adj.  serving as food
          v.  press or rub gently with the nose
           n.  very strong man-made fibre used for hosiery, rope, brushes, etc
           n.  minor goddess living in rivers, trees, hills, etc
             n. stupid, clumsy and awkward person (usu male)
          adj. like an oaf; roughly behaved
             n.  (also `oak-tree) type of tree with tough hard wood, common in many parts of the world
           adj. made of oak
           Hemp-fiber obtained by untwisting and picking out loosely the yarns of old hemp rope.
             n.  long pole with a flat blade, pulled by hand in order to drive a boat through the water .
           n. fertile place, with water and trees, in a desert
            n.  (words used in making a) solemn promise to do sth or solemn declaration that sth is true (usu appealing to God, etc as a witness)
         n. meal made from crushed oats, used in porridge, oatcakes, etc
       n. (music) accompanying part forming an essential part of a compositio
        adj. impossible to change; stubborn
       n. action of obeying; being obedient
        adj.  doing what one is told to do; willing to obey
       n.  deep bow (of respect or obedience)
         n. tall pointed stone pillar with four sides, set up as a monument or landmark
           adj. (of people) very fat
         n. being obese
            v. do what one is told or obliged to do by carry out (a command )
       v. (deliberately) make (sth) confused or difficult to understand
     [ obfuscate: ] to obscure or darken
        n. printed notice (eg in a newspaper) of a person's death, often with a short account of his life and achievements
          n.  solid thing that can be seen and touched
       to represent concretely; present as an object
       n.  ~ (expression of a) feeling of dislike, disapproval or opposition
   adj. causing opposition or disapproval; unpleasant
       adj.  not influenced by personal feelings or opinions; unbiased; fair
     n. state of being objective(1); ability to free oneself from personal prejudice; impartiality
        the Eucharist; pious donation
        v. compel (sb) legally or morally (to do sth)
      n.  law, moral pressure, promise, etc that forces one to do sth
      adj. required by rule, law or custom; compulsory
          v.  compel or require by law, agreement or moral pressure to do sth
        adj. willing to help
         adj.  not horizontal or vertical; sloping; slanting
     [ oblique: ] at an angle; slanting; sloping
       state of being oblique
      v.  remove all signs of (sth); rub or blot out
        n.  state of forgetting; state of being unaware or unconscious
       adj. ~ of/to sth unaware of or not noticing sth; having no memory of sth
   n.
          n, adj with four straight sides and angles of 90, longer than it is wide
         n. public shame or disgrace; abuse; discredit ;
       adj. very unpleasant; nasty; offensive
   n.
         adj. indecent, esp sexually; disgusting and offensive; likely to corrupt
     [ obscure: ] unclear or abstruse
         adj.  not easily or clearly seen or understood; indistinct; hidden
        [ obscure: ] unclear or abstruse
       n.  state of being obscure
       n. funeral ceremonies
      adj. ~ (to sb) too willing to obey or serve; too respectful (esp in the hope of getting a reward or favour from sb)
  n.
         exequies; funeral; interment
      adj. that can be seen or noticed
      n.  ~ keeping or observing (observe
       adj.  quick at noticing things
     n.  action of observing; being observed
     n. building from which the stars, the weather, etc can be observed by scientists
         v. see and notice (sb/sth); watch carefully
        n.  person who observes
          v. fill the mind of continually
        [ obsess: ] [tr; when passive, foll by with or by]  to preoccupy completely; haunt
       n. ~  state of being obsessed
     adj. of, having or causing obsession(s)
       adj. of or having an obsession
     adv. in an obsessive manner
        black volcanic rock
    n. being obsolescent
     adj. becoming out of date; going out of use
        adj. no longer used; out of date
        n. thing in the way that either stops progress or makes it difficult
    n. doctor who specializes in obstetrics
      n. branch of medicine and surgery concerned with childbirth
       n. being obstinate; stubbornness
       adj.  refusing to change one's opinion or chosen course of action; stubborn
    adjnoisy and uncontrolled; unruly
        v. ~ sth (with sth) be or get in the way of (sb/sth); block (a road, passage, etc) ,
     n.  action of obstructing; being obstructed
  n. deliberate and systematic obstruction of plans, legislation, etc
  n. person who uses or favours obstructionism
     adj. obstructing or likely or intended to obstruct
          v.  ~ sth et sth; come to own or possess sth (by buying, borrowing, taking, etc)
      adj. that can be obtained
         v. ~(on/upon sb/sth) (fml ) force (oneself, one's opinions, ideas, etc) upon sb/sth, esp when unwanted
       adj. very noticeable or obvious; inclined to obtrude
          adj. slow to understand; stupid
         n.  face, side, or part of a thing that is most noticeable or intended to be seen or shown
         v. remove (sth); get rid of
         adj. easily seen, recognized or understood; clear
       adv. as can be clearly seen; plainly
        n.  particular time
      adj.  happening, coming, done, etc from time to time; not regular
    adv. now and then; at times
        n. the Occident the countries of the West, ie Europe and America
      n. person from the Occident
         to close up or block off:OBSTRUCT
        blocked up
          adj. only for those with special knowledge or powers; hidden, secret
        n. person who occupies a house, room or position, or who possesses and occupies land
      n.  action of occupying; state of being occupied (occupy 1)
    adj. of, caused by or connected with a person's job
        adj.  in use; filled
        n. person who has possession of land or a building; occupant
          v.  live in or have possession of (a house, land, etc)
           v.  come into being as an event or a process; happen
      n.  event; incident; happening
           n.  mass of salt water that covers most of the earth's surface
         the islands of the central and S Pacific, including Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia: sometimes also including Australasia and the Malay Archipelago
         adv. (used with the numbers to 1
         n. flat figure with eight sides and eight angles
       adj. having eight sides
          n. hydrocarbon compound present in petrol and used as a measure of its quality and efficiency
          n.  note that is six whole tones above or below a given note
          n. (abbrs  oct) (size of a) book or page produced by folding a piece of paper of standard size three times to give eight sheets
         n. the tenth month of the year, next after September
    n. person between 80 and 89 years of age 8089
         n. sea-animal with a soft body and eight long arms with suckers on them
          adj.  of, for, by, the eyes
         n. specialist in treating diseases and defects of the eye
              an overdose of a drug
             adj.  strange; unusual; peculiar
          n.  quality of being odd(1); strangeness
           adv. in a strange or peculiar manner
         n. piece left over or remaining; remnant
        [ oddment: ] [often pl]  an odd piece or thing; leftover
            n.  probability or chance
             n. poem expressing noble feeling, often written to a person or thing, or celebrating some special event
          adj.  disgusting; hateful
           n. general or widespread hatred or disgust felt towards a person or his actions
        n. = milometer
            smell; favor; reputation
     giving off an order
         adj. having a (pleasant or unpleasant) smell
           n.  (pleasant or unpleasant) smell
         n. long adventurous journey
      n. (medical ) tube through which food, etc passes from the mouth to the stomach; gullet
              prep  belonging to . (followed by a possess pron or by a n, usu with 's , 's)
             adj.  = off-side
           n. internal parts of an animal used as food; once considered to be less valuable than its flesh
         eccentric, unconventional
         n.  ~ breaking of a rule or law; illegal act; crime
          v.  cause (sb) to feel upset or angry; hurt the feelings of
        n. person who offends, esp by breaking a law
         n.  attacking team or section; method of attack
       adj.  upsetting or annoying; insulting
           v.  ~ sth (for sth) put forward sth (to sb) to be considered and accepted or refused; present
        n.  action of presenting sth
       n. money collected during or at the end of a religious service
         adj. too casual; abrupt
          n.  room(s) or building used as a place of business, esp for clerical or administrative work
         n.  person appointed to command others in the army, navy, air force, etc
        adj.  of or concerning a position of authority or trust
      adv.  in an official manner; formally
       v. ~ perform the duties of an office(4) or position
       adj. too ready or willing to give orders, offer advice or help, or use one's authority; bossy and interfering
          somewhat cold and reserved:STANDOFFISH
         adj. adv out of tune
          v. ~ sth (by sth/doing sth) compensate for sth; balance sth
        n. stem or branch growing from a main stem
        adj.  at sea not far from the land
       n. (fml ) child or children of a particular person or couple
        adj. adv.  out of the view of the audience; off the stag
           adv.  many times; at short intervals; frequently
            v. ~ at sb look or stare at (esp a woman) in a way that suggests sexual interest
            n.  (in legends and fairy stories) cruel and frightening giant who eats people
         [ ogre: ] (in folklore) a giant, usually given to eating human flesh
              interj  (expressing surprise, fear, joy, etc   )
             n. unit of electrical resistance
             n.  any of various thick slippery liquids that do not mix with water and burn easily,obtained from animals, plants, minerals, etc
rig          structure and equipment for drilling oil
         n. (coat, etc made of) cloth treated with oil to make it waterproof
            adj.  of or like oil
        n.  smooth greasy paste rubbed on the skin to heal injuries or roughness, or as a cosmetic
              [ O.K.: ] an expression of approval, agreement, etc.
            adj. adv all right; satisfactory or satisfactorily
             adj. =>Usage at elder elder1. 1 (with a period of time or with how how) of (a particular) age
      adj. like oil or producing oil; oily; fatty
       the sense of smell
       adj. of or concerned with the sense of smell
        n. member of an oligarchy
       n.  form of government in which a small group of people hold all the power
           n.  small bitter oval fruit, green when unripe and black when ripe, used for food and for oil
         adj. of or connected with the Olympic Games
       n. official appointed by a government to investigate and report on complaints made by citizens against public authorities
          [ omelette: ] a savoury or sweet dish of beaten eggs cooked in fat
        n.  eggs beaten together and fried, often with cheese, herbs, vegetables, etc or with a sweet filling
            n. ~ (event regarded as a) sign that sth good or bad will happen in the future
         adj. suggesting that sth bad is about to happen; threatening
        n.  action of omitting or leaving out sb/sth
            v.  fail or neglect to do sth; leave sth not done
         n.  (dated fml , ) (esp in names) bus
     Unlimited and universal power.
      adj. having unlimited or very great power
     adj. present everywhere
     Unlimited or infinite knowledge.
      adj. knowing everything
      adj.  (of animals) eating both plants and animal flesh
              adv. part  (indicating continued activity, progress or state  )
            adv.  on one occasion only; one time
      [ oncology: ] adj. on'cologist nou
        adj. on'cologist nou
             pron, det  1; one less than two; a single 1
         adj. needing effort; burdensome
         reflex, emph pron    (reflex ) (used when people in general cause and are also affected by an action )
         adj. continuing to exist or progress
           n.  type of vegetable plant with a round bulb that has a strong smell and flavour, used in cooking
        n. person who watches sth happening (without taking part); spectator
            adj.  with no otherof the same group, style, etc existing or present; sole
    n. combination of sounds in a word that imitates or suggests what the word refers to eg hiss, cuckoo, thud ; hiss cuckoo thud
    adj. `Sizzle' and `hush' are onomatopoeic words. sizzlehush
          n. strong forward rush or flow
           n. vigorous beginning
       n. ~ fierce attack
            prep  moving to a position on
        n. branch of metaphysics that deals with the nature ofexistence
            n. the onus duty or responsibility (for doing sth); burden
          adj. directed or moving forward
           n. energy; enthusiasm; sex-appeal
            v.  ~ from/out of sth; ~ out/away come or flow out slowly
         n. quality of being opaque
     The property of combined refraction and reflection of light, resulting in smoky tints.
      adj. changing colour like an opal; iridescent
          adj.  not allowing light to pass through; not transparent
      [ opaque: ] not transmitting light; not transparent or translucent
            adj.  allowing things or people to go or be taken in, out or through; not closed
          [ open: ] not closed or barred
          n.  person or (esp) thing that opens
         n.  way in or out; open space; gap
          adv. without secrecy; honestly; publicly
     adj. willing to consider new ideas; unprejudiced
        n. honesty; frankness
           n.  play in which words are sung to a musical accompaniment
         v.  (fml ) work; be in action
       n.  way in which sth works; working
     adj.  of, for or used in operations
       adj.  operating; effective; in use
        n.  person who operates equipment, a machine, etc
        n. short light musical comedy
   n. scientific study of the eye and its diseases
          n. drug containing opium, used to relieve pain or to help sb sleep
           to express opinions
         n.  ~ belief or judgement (about sb/sth) not necessarily based on fact or knowledge
     adj. holding very strong views which one is not willing to change
           n. drug made from poppy seeds, used to relieve pain or to help sb sleep
        n. ~ (at/in sth) person who is against another person in a fight, a struggle, a game or an argument
       adj.  (of time) suitable or favourable for a purpose
     n. looking for and using opportunities to gain an advantage for oneself, without considering if this is fair or right
     n. person who acts like this
   of or characterized by opportunistic
     n. ~ ~ (to do sth) favourabletime, occasion or set of circumstances
          v.  express strong disapproval of or disagreement with (sth/sb), esp with the aim of preventing or changing a course of action
         adj.  ~ to sth strongly against sth
        [ oppose: ] vt. to fight against, counter, or resist strongly
        adj.  ~ having a position on the other side (of sb/sth); facing
      n.  ~ state or action of opposing (sb/sth); resistance
         v.  rule or treat with continual injustice or cruelty
       adj. unjustly or cruelly treated
      n. oppressing or being oppressed
      adj.  unjust; cruel
       n. person or group that oppresses; cruel or unjust ruler
     adj. (of words, etc) showing scorn or reproach; abusive
      n. public disgrace and shame
          to call into question; dispute
           adj. of or concerned with the eye or the sense of sight
         adj.  of the sense of sight
        n.  person who makes and sells optical instruments, esp contact lenses and glasses
        n. tendency to expect the best in all things; confidence in success; belief that good will triumph over evil in the end
        n. person who is always hopeful and expects the best in all things
      adj. ~ expecting the best; confident
    an act, process, or methodology of making something (as a design, system, or decision) as fully perfect, functional, or effective as possible;
        vt. to take the full advantage
         adj. best or most favourable
          n.  power or freedom of choosing; choice
        adj. that may be chosen or not, as one wishes; not compulsory
     one who fits glasses to remedy visual defects
       Measurement of the powers of vision.
        n. opulently
         adj.  having or showing signs of great wealth
            n.  musical composition numbered as one of a composer's works (work1 5b) (usu in order of publication)
              conj
          n.  (in ancient Greece) holy place where the gods could be asked about the future
        adj. of or like an oracle; with hidden meaning
            adj.  not written; spoken
          adv.  through the spoken word
          n.  round thick-skinned juicy edible fruit that is a reddish-yellow colour when ripe
           To deliver an elaborate or formal public speech.
         n. formal speech made on a public occasion, esp as part of a ceremony
          n. person who makes formal speeches in public
        n. musical composition for solo voices, chorus and orchestra,usu with a Biblical theme
         n. small chapel for private prayer or worship
           n.  path followed by a planet, star, moon, etc round another body
         adj. of an orbit
         n. piece of land in which fruit trees are grown
       n. group of people playing various musical instruments together
   n.
          n.  plant, usu with flowers of unusual shapes and brilliant colours, having one petal larger than the other two
          v.  make a priest or minister
          n. difficult or painful experience
           n.  way in which people or things are placed or arranged in relation to one another
        (Logic)  any of a number of categories of relations that permit at least some members of their domain to be placed in order. A linear or simple ordering is reflexive, antisymmetric, transitive, and connected, as less than or equal to on the integers.
     n.
         adj.  well-arranged; in good order; tidy
         adj. showing order or position in a series . > ordinal n (also ,ordinal `number)
       n. order, rule or law made by a government or an authority
      adv.  in an ordinary way
        adj.  normal; usual
      n. ceremony of ordaining (a priest or minister)
        n.  military supplies and materials
             n. rock, earth, mineral, etc from which metal can be obtained
           n.  part of an animal body or plant serving a particular purpose
         adj.  of or affecting an organ or organs of the body
     adv: The doctor said there was nothing organically wrong with me. * organically grown tomatoes
        n.  (usu small) living being with parts that work together
    the act of organizing or the state of being organized
        to form (parts or elements of something) into a structured whole; coordinate
       planned and controlled on a large scale and involving many people
            n.  wild party, usu with a lot of drinking and/or sexual activity
          n. the Orient countries of the (Far) East (eg Japan, China)
        adj. of or from the Orient
     n. activity of orientating oneself; state of being orientated
         n. outer opening in the body, etc
          n.  starting-point; source
        adj.  existing from the beginning; first or earliest
     n. state or quality of being original
      adv.  in an original(
       v. ~ in sth; ~ from/with sb have sth/sb as a cause or beginning
      n. person who originates sth
        n.  decoration; adornment
      adj. of or for ornament
   n. that which ornaments; decoration
          adj. richly decorated
      n.
   n. expert in ornithology
     n. scientific study of birds
         adj.  (of the voice) dignified; grand
          n. person whose parents are dead
       n. home for children who are orphans
     adj. of orthodontics
    n. (branch of dentistry that deals with) preventing and correcting irregularities in the position of the teeth and jaws
    n. specialist in orthodontics
        adj.  generally accepted or approved
       n.  state of being orthodox or holding orthodox beliefs
      Having or determined by right angles.
     n.  (study or system of) spelling
     adj. of or concerning orthopaedics
    n. (branch of surgery that deals with) correction of bone deformities and diseases
      Relating to the correcting or preventing of deformity
     [ orthopaedics: ] the branch of surgery concerned with disorders of the spine and joints and the repair of deformities of these parts
       v.  move repeatedly and regularly from one position to another and back again
     n.  action of oscillating or being oscillated
        To kiss.
      a caress with the lips
         n.  gradual passing of a liquid through a porous partition
         adj. of bone; having bones; bony ;
          v. (fml )  (cause sth to) become hard like bone; change into bone ;
      adj. stated though perhaps not true; apparent
      adv: Ostensibly he was on a business trip, but he spent most of the time on the beach. ,
     n. exaggerated display (of wealth, knowledge, skill, etc) intended to impress people or make them envious
    adj. showing or liking ostentation
       n. action of ostracizing; state of being ostracized
       exclude from public favor; ban
         n.  very large African bird with a long neck, unable to fly, but fast-running
           indef det  additional to that or those previously mentioned or implied
       adv.  in another or a different way
    existing outside of or not in accordance with nature
          adj. (of language, ideas, etc) serving no useful purpose; unnecessary
           n. small fish-eating river animal with four webbed feet, a flat tail and thick brown fur .
           To be under moral obligation to be or do.
           n.  unit of weight, one sixteenth of a pound, equal to
             possess det  of or belonging to us
            possess pron of or belonging to us
       reflex, emph pron    (reflex ) (used when I and another or others, or I and you, cause and are affected by an action )
            v. ~ sb (fml ) remove sb (from a position, job, etc) sometimes in order to take his place
             adv. part  away from or not inside a place
     adj. thorough; complete
          v. offer more money than (another person at an auction, etc); bid higher than
        n. sudden appearance or start
        n. bursting out; explosion
         n, adj ~ (person) driven away from home, friends, society, etc; homeless and friendless (person)
         n. effect or result (of an event, circumstances, etc)
          n. ~ (about/against sth) strong public protest
        adj. out of date (by the passing of time); old-fashioned
     v. move faster than and leave him/it behind
           v. do more or better than (sb)
         adj.  of, used in, done in or existing in the open air
        adv. in the open air; outside; out of doors
           adj. of or for the outside
       adj. farthest from the inside or centre; most remote
         v. make feel uncomfortable or embarrassed by staring at him boldly
          n.  all the equipment or articles needed for a particular purpose; kit
          v. gain an advantage over (sb) by being more cunning; outwit
           vt. to exceed or outstrip
        adj.  going out; leaving
         v. grow too big for (esp one's clothes)
       n.  naturaldevelopment or result
          n. short pleasure trip; excursion
      adj. looking or sounding strange
          n. person who has broken the law and is hiding to avoid being caught
          n.  ~ way out (for water, steam, etc)
         n.  lineshowing the shape or outer edge (of sth)
         v. live longer than
         n.  ~ view on which one looks out
        adj. far from a centre or a city; remote
     to maneuver with better effect than; outwit
        adj. no longer fashionable
       v. be more in number than (sb)
     [ outnumber: ] to exceed in numbe
  Remotely situated.
         n.  observation point some distance away from the main army
          n.  quantity of goods, etc produced
         n.  (act of) great violence or cruelty
      adj.  very offensive or immoral; shocking
           adj. (esp of behaviour, ideas, tastes, etc) not conventional; very unusual or peculiar; eccentric
        To reach or go beyond.
         To ride faster than.
       n.  structure projectingover the side of a boat or ship, eg for the rowlocks in a racing boat or to give stability to a canoe
        adv.  openly and honestly, with nothing held back
          v. run faster or better than (sb/sth)
          n. at/from the outset (of sth) at/from the beginning (of sth)
         n.  outer side or surface
        A border region.
       n. outlying districts (esp of a city or large town); outer areas
       adj. ~ saying openly exactly what one thinks; frank
        to be outstanding or excel
     adj.  exceptionally good; excellent
      To extend.
        v.  run faster than (sb in a race) and leave him behind
         adj.  going out or away from (a place that one is going to return to)
        (also esp US outward) adv.
        v. be greater in weight, value or importance than
          v. win or defeat (sb) by being cleverer or more cunning than him
            n, adj shaped like an egg
         n. great applause or cheering expressing welcome or approval
            n.  enclosed box-like space in which things are cooked or heated
            adv. part  outwards and downwards from an upright position
         v. act2(2a) (one's part) in an exaggerated way; overplay
         adj. including everything; total
         v. cause to feel a great deal of fear and respect
        [ overawe: ] to subdue, restrain, or overcome by affecting with a feeling of aw
     v. lose balance and fall over
        vt. to dominate or overcome
     adj. forcing others to do what one wants (without caring about their feelings); domineering
       adj.  past their best; too fully open
      [ overburden
load with excessive weight, work, etc.
        adj. covered with cloud
      v.  ~ (for sth) charge (sb) too high a price (for sth)
        n. long warm coat worn over other clothes (when going outdoors in cold weather)
        v.  succeed in a struggle against (sth); defeat
       to fill (a room, vehicle, city, etc.) with more people or things than is desirable
          v.  do, perform or express (sth) too fully or for too long; exaggerate
        n. too great an amount taken at one time
         adj. not paid, completed, arrived, etc by the due or expected time
         v. eat more than one needs or more than is healthy
    v. estimate to be bigger, higher, better, etc than it is
      v. expose for too long or in too bright a light
    to expose excessively; especially:to expose (as film) to excessive radiation (as light)
        v.  flow over the edges or limits of
       to graze (land) beyond its capacity to sustain stoc
        v. hang over or stand out over (sth) like a shelf
        v.  examine carefully and thoroughly and make any necessary repairs
        adj.  raised above the ground; above one's head
       n. regular expenses involved in running a business, eg rent, light, heating, salaries
        v. hear (sb, a conversation, etc) without the knowledge of the speaker(s); hear by chance
        adj. across the land; by land
         v.  partly cover (sth) by extending over its edge
        To leap beyond.
        vt. to put too large a load on or
        v.  have or give a view of from above
        n. nobleman on whose land people of lower rank worked
          adv. (before an adj or a v ) too; excessively
       adv.  during or for the night
        n. (Brit also flyover ) bridge that carries a road over a motorway ;
       v. be too strong or powerful for defeat (sb) by greater strength or numbers
    adj. too strong; very powerful
       v. ~ oneself fail by trying to achieve more than is possible
        v.  disregard or set aside (sb's opinions, etc)
      adj. more important than any other considerations
        v. decide against by exercising one's higher authority
         v.  spread over and occupy (a place) in great numbers
        adj. across the sea; foreign
         v. watch over and control (sb/sth); supervise
        n. person whose job is to take charge of work and see that it is properly done
      v.  cause to be shaded or to have little light
       n. unintentional failure to notice sth
       v. express or state too strongly; exaggerate
   n.  action of overstating; exaggeration ;
      To step beyond.
           adj. done or shown openly or publicly; not secret or hidden
        v.  come level with and pass (esp a moving person or vehicle)
       v. cause the downfall or defeat of (sb/sth); put an end to
        n. adv after the usual working hours
         adv. (fml )
        n. something suggested or implied in addition to what is actually stated; hint
        n.  ~ (fml ) friendly approach, proposalor offer made (to sb) with the aim of starting discussions
        v.  turn over or upside-down; upset
     adj. showing too much self-confidence or conceit
      adj.  heavier than is usual or allowed
       v. cover (sth/sb) completely by flowing over or pouring down on it/him; submerge suddenly
    adj. too great to resist or overcome; very great
  adv: overwhelmingly successful, generous
     adj. in a state of nervous excitement, anxiety, etc; tense and upset
           adj. n egg-shaped (object)
             v.  ~ (sb) for sth; ~ sth (to sb) (for sth) be in debt to (sb) (for goods, etc)
           adj. not yet paid
             n.  bird of prey that flies at night and feeds on small animals, eg mice, and is traditionally regarded as a symbol of wisdom ,
             det, pron  belonging to oneself, itself, ourselves, etc
           n. person who owns sth
       n. state of being an owner; possession
              n.  fully grown bullock used (esp formerly) for pulling carts, farm machinery, etc or for food
           n. compoundof oxygen and one other substance
         to undergo or cause to undergo a chemical reaction with oxygen, as in formation of an oxide
        [ oxidize: ] to undergo or cause to undergo a chemical reaction with oxygen, as in formation of an oxide
          n. chemical element, a gas without colour, taste or smell, present in the air and necessary for all forms of life on earth
        a combination of contradictory or incongruous words
          n.  shellfish some types of which produce pearls inside their shells
            (indicating the time period from midday to midnight) post meridiem
         any substance that can be used as food ; intellectual sustenance
            n.  single step in walking or running
       n. any of varioustypes of thick-skinned, four-footed animal, eg an elephant or a rhinoceros
         adj. making or loving peace; peaceful ;
    n. pacifying or being pacified
        n. = dummy 3
        n. belief that all war is morally wrong and that disputes should be settled by peaceful means
        n. person who believes in pacifism
          v.  calm or soothe the anger or distress of (sb)
            n.  number of things wrapped or tied together for carrying, esp on the back
         n.  object or objects wrapped in paper or packed in a box; parcel
          completely filled; full
          n.  (US usu  package) small paper or cardboard container in which goods are packed for selling
         n.  process of packing goods
            n. agreement (between people, groups,countries, etc); treaty
             n.  thick piece of soft material used to protect sth from rubbing, jarring or blows, to improve the shape or increase the size of sth, or to absorb liquid
         n.  soft material used to pad things
          n.  short oar with a broad blade at one end or both ends, used to move a canoe through the water .
         n.  small field where horses are kept or exercised
           n. (used esp as a form of address )  clergyman in the armed forces
           n. (fml) song of praise or triumph
           n.  person who is not a believer in any of the world's chief religions, esp one who is neither a Christian, a Jew nor a Moslem
        n. beliefs and practices of pagans
            n.  (abbr  p) one side of a sheet of paper in a book, magazine, etc
         n.  public entertainmentconsisting of a procession of people in costume, or an outdoor performance of scenes from history
            pt, pp of pay2
            n. bucket
         n. amount a pail contains
            n.  physical suffering or discomfort caused by injury or disease
         adj.  causing or suffering pain
       adv: Her thumb is painfully swollen. * become painfully aware of sth
      a medicine used in to relieve pain
        adj. not causing pain or distress
     adj. done with, requiring or taking great care or trouble
   adv.
           n.  substance applied to a surface in liquid form to give it colour
         n.  person whose job is painting buildings, walls, etc
        n.  action or skill of painting sth
            n.  two things of the same kind, usu used together
             n.  friend
          n.  official home of a sovereign, an archbishop or a bishop
       adj. pleasant to taste
          n.  roof of the mouth
        adj. like a palace
         n.  fuss or bother, often with a lot of talking
            adj.  (of a person, his face, etc) having little colour; having less colour than usual
     the study of ancient forms of writing (and the deciphering of them)
     of or relating to the second period of the stone age (following the eolithic)
    study of prehistoric life
         n. thin board on which an artist mixes colours when painting, with a hole for the thumb to hold it by
      n. manuscript from which the original writing has been removed in order to create space for new writing
      n. word or phrase that reads the same backwards as forwards, eg madam or nurses run ,  madam  nurses run
          n. fence made of pales (pale
         [ paling: ] a fence made of pales
        A retraction.
        n.  strong fence made of pointed wooden stakes or iron poles, esp one used to defend a building ,
            v. ~ become uninterestingor boring by being experienced too often
          n. large wooden or metal tray or platform for carrying goods, esp one that can be raised using a fork-lift truck
        v.  make(esp a pain or disease) less severe or unpleasant, withoutremoving its cause; alleviate ,
      n. palliating or being palliated
      n, adj  that reduces pain without removing its cause
          adj. pale, esp because of illness
          n. paleness of the face
            n.  inner surface of the hand between the wrist and the fingers
           adj.  full of palm trees
        adj.  that can be felt or touched
       v.  beat rapidly
     n.  act of palpilating
           n. paralysis, esp with trembling of the limbs
          to act insincerely or deceitfully
          adj.  very small; unimportant
            Lacking color or brilliancy.
          v. treat (a person or an animal) with too much kindness or indulgence; spoil
        n. small book with a paper cover, usu containing information on a subject of public interest or expressing a political opinion
     n. person who writes pamphlets
             n.  wide flat (usu metal) container, with a handle or handles, used for cooking food in
         n. ~ remedy for all diseases or troubles
         n. confident stylish manner
    Including or pertaining to the whole of America, both North and South.
        n. gland near the stomach that produces substances which help in the digestion of food
      adj. of or relating to the pancreas
           n.  large rare bear-like black and white animal living in the mountains of SW China
        n, adj disease occurring over a whole country or the whole world
     n. wild and noisy disorder or confusion
          v. pander to sth/sb (derog ) try to satisfy (a vulgar, weak or immoral desire, or sb having this); gratify sth/sb
            n. single sheet of glass in a window
       n. speech or piece of writing praising sb/sth
           n.  separate, usu rectangular, part of the surface of a door, wall, ceiling, etc, usu raised above or sunk below the surrounding area
            n. sudden sharp feeling of pain
           n.  sudden irrational feeling of great fear
         n.  complete or splendid display of sth
        n.  view of a wide area
       adj. a panoramic view from the top of the tower
            v.  breathe with short quick breaths
    n. large van used for moving furniture from one house to another
       n.  belief that God is everything and everything is God
       n. believer in pantheism
     adj. of, like or relating to pantheism
        n.  temple dedicated to all the gods
         n.  leopard, esp a black one
       n.  type of play with music, dancing and clowning, based on a traditional story or fairy-tale and usu performed at Christmas
          n.  small room in a house where food is kept; larder
           n.  (Brit) men's underpants; women's or children's knickers
          n.  the Papacy position or authority of the Pope
           n.  substance made in thin sheets from wood pulp or rags and used for writing, printing or drawing on, or for wrapping and packing things
         n.  type of bag fixed to a frame, used for carrying a young baby onthe back
         n.  tall reed-like water-plant with thick fibrous stems used by the Ancient Egyptians to make paper
             n.  price that is printed on stocks and shares; face value
         n. story told to illustrate a moral or spiritual truth
        n. plane curve formed by cutting a cone on a plane parallel to its side .
       n. device for making people or objects fall slowly and safely when dropped from an aeroplane, consisting of an umbrella-shaped canopy attached to a harness
          n.  formal gathering of troops for inspection, a roll-call, etc
        n.  set of all the different forms of a word
    of or relating to a grammatical paradigm ; of or relating to a typical example
        n.  heaven
         n.  statement that seems to be absurd or contradictory but is or may be true
     adj.
   adv.
         n. ~ of sth person who is a perfect example of a quality (used esp in the expression shown)
       n.  distinct section of a written or printed text, usu consisting of several sentences dealing with a single theme and starting on a new line
        adj.  (of two or more lines) having the same distance between each other at every point
     n. state of being parallel; similarity
        v.  affect with paralysis
       n. loss of feeling in or control of a part of the body, caused by a disease of or an injury to the nerves
        To deprive of the power to act.
       n.  quantity that does not vary in a particular case but does vary in other cases
       adj. having the greatest importance or significance; supreme
     n. (state of) being paramount
        illicit lover
        n.  mental illness in which a person is obsessed by mistaken beliefs, esp that he is being badly treated by others or that he is somebody very important
       n, adj = paranoid
        adj. of, like, suffering from or showing paranoia
      adj. unable to be explained scientifically or rationally
         n.  low protective wall along the edge of a balcony, bridge, roof, etc
   n. numerous small articles or personal belongings, esp the equipment needed for a hobby or sport
      n. re-wording of a piece of writing, statement, etc, esp in order to make it easier to understand
        n.  animal or plant (eg mistletoe) that lives on or in another and gets its food from it
       parasitical  adjs living as a parasite; like a parasite
         n. light umbrella used to give shade from the sun
     n. one of these soldiers
          n.  thing or things wrapped up for carrying or sending by post
           v.  make very dry and hot
         [ parch: ] to deprive or be deprived of water; dry up
       n.  heavy paper-like material made from the skin of sheep or goats and used for writing on
          n.  ~ forgiveness
            v.  trim by cutting away the edges
          n.  father or mother
       n. descent from parents; origin; ancestry
        adj. of or relating to a parent or parents
     n. additional word, phrase or sentence inserted into a passage which would be complete without it, and usu separated from it by brackets, dashes or commas
     parenthetical  adjs of, relating to or inserted as a parenthesis
          n.  social outcast
           the capital of France, in the north on the River Seine:
          n.  area within a diocese, having its own church and clergyman
     n. inhabitant of a parish, esp one who attends church regularly
          n.  state of being equal; equality
            n.  public garden or recreation ground in a town
           adj. (of the air, weather, etc) cold; chilly  ,
        n. particular way of speaking or use of words; phraseology
          n. (esp formerly) meeting between enemies or opponents to discuss terms for peace, etc
      n.  assembly that makes the laws of a country
   adj.  of or relating to parliament
          A room for reception of callers or entertainment of guests.
         adj. full of danger or uncertainty; dangerous; very bad
       adj.  of or relating to a church parish
        n. person who writes parodies
          n.  ~ (piece of) speech, writing or music that imitates the style of an author, composer, etc in an amusing and often exaggerated way; comic imitation
      Derived from the same root or primitive word.
        n. sudden attack or outburst
         n. flooring made of wooden blocks arranged in a pattern
       inlaid woodwork in geometric forms, usually of contrasting woods, used esp. in flooring
       n.  killing one's father or a close relative
          n.  any of various types of tropical bird with hooked beaks and brightly-coloured feathers, some of which can be trained to imitate human speech .
           v.  turn aside or ward off (a blow or an attack) by using one's own weapon or one's hand to block it
           v.  describe the grammatical form and function of (a word), giving its part of speech, case1(8), etc
    adj. very careful in spending money or using resources; mean
       n. excessive carefulness in spending money or using resources; meanness ;
            n.  ~ (of sth) some but not all of a thing or number of things
         adj.  of or forming a part; not complete
      n.  ~ being partial(
       adv.  not completely; partly
        Separable.
     n. ~ person or group of people who participate in sth
     v. ~ take part or become involved (in an activity)
   n. ~ (action of) participating in sth
        n.  very small bit or piece
      adj.  relating to one person or thing rather than others; individual
   n. quality of being individual or particular(1)
   to state in detail
    adv. especially
     [ particular: ] [prenominal]  of or belonging to a single or specific person, thing, category, etc.; specific; special
        n.  enthusiastic and often uncritical supporter of a person, group or cause
    n.
       n.  action of dividing or state of being divided into parts, esp the division of one country into two or more nations
          adv. to some extent
         n.  person who takes part in an activity with another or others, esp one of several owners of a business
       n. (pl unchanged or ~s  partridges) any of various types of game-bird with brown feathers, plump bodies and short tails .
     n. process of giving birth; childbirth
           n.  social gathering to which people are invited, esp in order to celebrate sth
         n. person who has suddenly risen from a low social or economic position to one of wealth or power
            n.  success in an examination
off         (of an event) take place and be completed
         n.  process of passing
           adj. out of date; old-fashioned
       n.  person travelling in a car, bus, train, plane, ship, etc, other than the driver, the pilot or a member of the crew
       n. person who is going past sb/sth, esp by chance
        Capable of feeling of suffering.
         n.  strong feeling, eg of hate, love or anger
      adj.  caused by or showing intense sexual love
    adv. in a passionate(1a) way
         adj.  not active; submissive
       adv.
       [ passive: ] not active or not participating perceptibly in an activity, organization, etc.
        n.  official document issued by the government of a particular country, identifying the holder as a citizen of that country and entitling him to travel abroad under its protection
            adj.  gone by in time
           n.  moist soft mixture, esp of a powdery substance and a liquid
          n.  type of crayon made from coloured chalk
  the process of heating beverages, such as milk, beer, wine, or cider, or solid foods, such as cheese or crab meat, to destroy harmful or undesirable microorganisms or to limit the rate of fermentation by the application of controlled hea
      heat food in order to kill harmful microorganisms
        n.  literary, musical or artistic work in the style of another author, composer, etc
         n. thing done to pass the time pleasantly
          n. minister, esp of a Nonconformist church
        adj.  relatingto or portraying country life, the countryside or shepherds, esp in an idealized way
          n.  mixture of flour, fat and water baked in an oven and used as a base or covering for tarts, pies, etc
         n.  land covered with grass and similar plants, suitable for grazing animals
           adj.  of or like paste
             adv.  at once and without hesitation
           n.  piece of material placed over a hole or a damaged or worn place to cover or strengthen it
       n.  type of needlework in which small pieces of cloth with different designs are sewn together
          adj. ~ obvious; clear; evident
        adv. unmistakably; obviously
        adj.  of a father; fatherly
     n. policy of controlling people in a paternal way by providing them with what they need but giving them no responsibility or freedom of choice
       n.  state of beinga father; fatherhood
            n. way or track made for or by people walking
        adj.  causing one to feel pity or sadness
    adj.  of or relating to pathology
  adv: pathologically jealous, mean, etc
       n. scientific study of diseases of the body
          n. quality, esp in speech, writing, acting, etc that causes a feeling of pity or sadness
        n.  ~ ability to accept delay, annoyance or suffering without complaining
         adj. ~ having or showing patience
          n.  green coating that forms on the surface of old bronze or copper
           n.  paved area next to a house where people can sit, eat, etc outdoors ,
          n. dialect spoken by the common people of a region and differing from the standard language of the country
       n.  male head of a family or tribe
     adj.  of or like a patriarch
      n. patriarchal(2) system of control or government
       n. member of the aristocracy
       n. (act of) killing one's own father
     adj. of or relating to a patrimony
       n. property inherited from one's father or ancestors
         n. person who loves his country, esp one who is ready to defend it against an enemy
       adj. having or showing love of one's country
      n. love of one's country and readiness to defend it
          v. go round (a town, an area, etc) to check that all is secure and orderly or to look for wrongdoers, an enemy or people who need help
          n.  person who gives money or other support to a person, cause, activity, etc
       n.  support and encouragement given by a patron
       to be kind or helpful to, but in a haughty or snobbish way, as if dealing with an inferior
      n, adj derived from the name of one's father or some other male ancestor
           n. person who is easily cheated or fooled
          n. rapid and often glib speech used by a comedian, conjuror or salesman
         n.  arrangement of lines, shapes, colours, etc, esp as a decorative design on clothes, carpets, wallpaper, etc
         n. ~ (fml ) smallness of number or quantity
         adj. having a paunch
          n. very poor person
       n. state of being a pauper
           n.  ~ temporary stop in action or speech
            to cover (a road, path, etc.) with a firm surface suitable for travel, as with paving stones or concrete
        n.  (US sidewalk) path with a paved surface at the side of a road for people to walk on
        n.  building next to a sports ground, esp a cricket field, used by players and spectators
             n.  foot of an animal with claws or nails
           adj. (Brit dialect ) drily humorous
            n.  one of the eight chess-men of the smallest size and value .
      n. person licensed to lend money in exchange for articles left with him
             n.  money paid for regular work
           n. person to whom sth is paid
         n. ~  paying or being paid
             n.  climbing plant with long green pods containing edible green seeds that are eaten as a vegetable
           n.  state of freedom from war or violence
       adj.  not quarrelsome; wishing to live in peace with others
       adv: live peaceably with one's neighbours
        adj.  not involving war or violence
      adv: die, sleep peacefully
    n.
           n.  round juicy fruit with downy yellowish-red skin and a rough stone
          adj. like a peach in colour or texture
         n.  large male bird with long blue and green tail feathers which can be spread out like a fan
            n.  pointed top, esp of a mountain
           having or as if having especially high-pitched spots
            n.  sweet juicy yellow or green fruit with a rounded shape that becomes narrower towards the stalk .
           n.  small, hard, round, silvery-white or bluish-grey lustrous mass that forms inside the shells of some oysters and is of great value as a gem
          adj. of or like a pearl
         n.  farmer owning or renting a (usu small) piece of land which he cultivates himself
          n.  small stone made smooth and round by the action of water, eg in a stream or on the seashore
          adj. covered with pebbles
           n.  pinkish-brown smooth nut with an edible kernel
      n. small unimportant offence or sin
         Guilty.
            v.  ~ (try to) strike (sth) with the beak
         adj. hungry
        adj.  of the chest or breast
        v. take (money) dishonestly, esp from public funds; embezzle ; ,
      n. peculating
        adj.  odd or strange
     n.  quality of being peculiar
       adj. of or concerning money
      The science and art of teaching.
       n.  teacher
        n. study or science of ways and methods of teaching
           n.  lever that drives a machine when pressed down by the foot or feet
          n.  person who attaches too much importance to detail or to rules, esp when learning or teaching
        adj. of or like a pedant
        n. too much emphasis on formal rules or detail
          v.  go from house to house to sell goods; be a pedlar ;
         n.  = pedlar
        n.  base of a column
      n. person walking in the street
    expert in children's diseases
      The department of medical science that relates to the treatment of diseases of childhood.
        n.  line of ancestors
        n. (usu) triangular part above the entrance of a building, first used in the buildings of ancient Greece .
          n. person who travels from place to place selling goods at fairs, etc
            v. ~ look quickly and often secretively (at sth)
            v.  ~ sth (for sb) take the skin off (fruit, etc)
            v.  ~ look quickly and slyly or cautiously (at sth)
            n.  person who is equal to another in rank, status or merit
         n.  the whole body of peers
        adj. superior to all others; without equal ;
           v. annoy (sb); put (sb) in a bad temper
         adj. easily annoyed (esp by unimportant things); irritable ;
      adj. expressing criticismor scorn; derogatory; disparaging
         adj. (of fishing, whaling, etc) carried out on the open sea  ,
            Wealth or riches, especially when dishonestly acquired
       adv.  in a hurrying, disorderly manner; headlong
        adj.  transparentor translucent; very clear
            n. skin of an animal, esp with the fur or hair still on it
             n.  instrument for writing with ink, consisting of a pointed piece of split metal, a metal ball, etc, fixed into a metal or plastic holder
           adj.  of, relating to or used for punishment, esp by law
        impose a penalty on; inflict punishment on
         n.  ~ punishment for breaking a law, rule or contract
         n.  ~ punishment that one imposes on oneself to show that one is sorry for having done wrong
           pl of penny
          a small pennon, originally one carried by a knight's squire
        n. ~ for sth liking or taste for sth
          n.  instrument for drawing or writing with, consisting of a thin stick of graphite or coloured chalk enclosed in a cylinder of wood or fixed in a metal case
         n.  ornament that hangs from a chain worn round the neck
         adj. hanging from sth
         adj. waiting to be decided or settled
       adj. hanging down loosely so as to swing from side to side
        n.  weight hung on a cord from a fixed point so that it can swing freely
      adj. that can be penetrated
       v.  ~ sth make a way into or through sth
     adj.  having or showing the ability to think and understand quickly and deeply
     n.  penetrating
      n. substance obtained from mould fungi, used as an antibiotic drug to prevent or treat infections caused by bacteria
       n. area of land almost surrounded by water or projecting far into the sea
      adj. of or like a peninsula
       n. ~ sorrow or regret for having done sth wrong
        adj. feeling or showing regret or remorse for having done sth wrong
     adj. of or relatingto penitence or penance
    n. federalor state prison for people who have committed serious crimes
         n. long narrow flag tapering to a point, used on a ship for signalling or as identification .
           n.  (abbr  p) (since decimal coinage was introduced in 1971) British bronze coin worth one hundredth of a pound , 1971
        n. study of crime and its punishment, and the management of prisons
         n. sum of money paid regularly by the State to people above a certain age and to widowed or disabled people, or by an employer to a retired employee
         adj. thinking deeply about sth, esp in a sad or serious way
          The number five.
        n.  geometric figure with five sides and angles
       A figure having five points or lobes.
     A solid bounded by five plane faces.
      n. line of verse with five metrical feet
      n. athletic contest in which each competitor takes part in five events
     Quinqeuvalent.
     adj. next to and before the last one; last but one
        n. partly shaded area around the shadow of an opaque object (esp around the total shadow of the moon or earth in an eclipse)
       adj.  very poor
          n. extreme poverty
            n.  person employedas a messenger
          n.  persons
          n.  hot-tasting powder made from the dried berries of certain plants and used for flavouring food
         adj.  tasting of or likepepper
          n. liquid produced in the stomach which helps food to be digested
          adj. of digestion or the digestive system
             prep for each (unit of time, length, etc)
cent         adj. adv in or for every hundred
     v.  walk about, through or over (a place)
        v. become aware of (sb/sth); notice; observe
      [ perceive: ] to become aware of (something) through the senses, esp. the sight; recognize or observe
      n.  rate, number or amount in each hundred
  n.
     adj. ~ (fml )  that can be observed with the senses
     adv: The patient has improved perceptibly
      n.  ability to see, hear or understand
      adj.  quick to notice and understand things
      adj. of or relating to perception
           n.  place where a bird rests, eg a branch
     The act of perceiving.
      adj.  noticing or understanding things quickly or clearly; perceptive
       v.  ~ (through sth)/~ (through) (of water) pass slowly through (coffee); filter through
      n. pot for making and serving coffee, in which boiling water is repeatedly forced up a central tube and filtered down through ground coffee
      n.  striking of two (usu hard) objects together
   n. person who plays percussion instruments
      adj. of, caused by, or relating to percussion
       n.  everlasting punishment of the wicked after death
     to travel or wander about from place to place; voyage
   n.  travelling
       n. large black and white bird of prey that can be trained to hunt and catch small birds and animals
      adj.  (esp derog ) (of a person, his manner, etc) insisting on immediate obedience or submission; domineering
       adj.  lasting for a long time
     adv.
         adj.  having everything needed; complete
     adj. that can be perfected
      n.  making perfect
   n.  person who is not satisfied with anything less than perfection
       adv.  in a perfect way
       marked by overwrought or exaggerated emotion : excessively fervent
      adj. ~ (fml ) treacherous, deceitful or disloyal
         n. ~ (fml ) acting in a treacherous or disloyal way
       v.  make a hole or holes through
     n.  perforating or being perforated
        adv. because it is necessary or inevitable
         To accomplish.
     n.  process or manner of performing
       n. person who performs in front of an audience
         n.  fragrant or pleasant smell
       n.  place where perfumes are made or sold
   adv: check the luggage perfunctorily
     adj. a) (of an action) done as a duty or routine, without care or interest
         n. structure of posts for climbing plants, forming an arbour or a covered walk in a garden
         adv. it may be (that); possibly
         n. point in the orbit of the moon, a planet or a spacecraft at which it is nearest to the earth
           n.  serious danger
        adj. full of risk; dangerous
       n.  outer edge of a closed geometric shape
          n.  length or portion of time
        adj. occurring or appearing at intervals
      n, adj that is published at regular intervals, eg weekly or monthly ; . periodically adv at (esp regular) intervals ;
     The habit or characteristic of recurrence at regular intervals.
     adj.  going from place to place
      adj.  ~ of secondary or minor importance (to sth)
       n.  boundary of a surface or an area
     n. roundabout way of expressing sth; circumlocution
    adj. of, expressed in or using periphrasis
       n. apparatus with mirrors and lenses arranged in a tube so that the user has a view of the surrounding area above, eg from a submarine when it is under water
          v.  be destroyed; die
      adj. likely to decay or go bad quickly
       adj.  extremely cold
       n. row of columns around a temple, courtyard, etc
         v. ~ oneself tell a lie (esp in a court of law) after one has sworn an oath to tell the truth
         n. action of perjuring oneself
           adj. (infml )  full of energy; lively
      n. state of continuing or remaining for a long time
       adj. lasting or expected to last for a long time or for ever
     adv.
    n.
       adj. that can be permeated by fluids or gas; porous ;
        v. ~ sth (fml ) enter sth and spread to every part
     adj. that is or may be allowed
      n. ~ act of allowing sb to do sth; consent
      adj. allowing great freedomof behaviour, esp to children or in sexual matters
  n. being permissive in outlook or behaviour
          v. (fml )  give permission for (sth); allow
       [ permit: ] vt. to grant permission to do something
     n.  (esp mathematics ) variation in the order of a set of things
         v. vary the order or arrangement of
      adj. ~ (to sb/sth) having a very harmful or destructive effect (on sb/sth)
      n.  last part of a speech; summing up
        n.  any of several compounds of oxygen with another element, containing the maximum proportion of oxygen
   adj.  ~ at an angle of 90 (to another line or surface)
      v. commit (a crime, etc)
     n. person who commits a crime or does sth considered outrageous
       adj.  continuing indefinitely; permanent
      v. cause to continue
    n.
      n. in perpetuity (fml ) for ever; permanently
         v. make feel puzzled or confused; bewilder
       adj. puzzled or confused
      n.  state of being perplexed; bewilderment
      n. (fml )  (infml  perk) money or goods given or regarded as a right in addition to one's pay
       to come to mind continually; obsess:
     n. persecuting or being persecuted
      n. person who persecutes others
    n. continued steady effort to achieve an aim; steadfastness
       v. ~ ~ (with sb) (usu approv ) continue trying to do sth, esp in spite of difficulty
     adj. showing perseverance
      n. light good-humoured teasing; banter ;
         v.  ~ continue to do sth, esp in an obstinate and determined way and in spite of opposition, argument or failure
     n. being persistent
     [ persistence: ] the quality of persisting; tenacity
      adj.  refusing to give up
     used colloquially of one who is overly conceited or arrogant ; characterized by excessive precision and attention to trivial details
          n. human being as an individual with distinct characteristics
      adj. having a pleasant appearance or manner
       n. person, esp an important or distinguished one
        adj.  of or belonging to a particular person rather than a group or an organization
   [ personality: ] (Psychol)  the sum total of all the behavioural and mental characteristics by means of which an individual is recognized as being unique
     n.  characteristics and qualities of a person seen as a whole
     to endow with personal or individual qualities or characteristics
 n.  treating sth that is without life as a human being or representing it in human form
       v.  treat (sth) as if it were a human being
       n.  people employed in one of the armed forces, a firm or a public office; staff
     n.  art of drawing solid objects on a flat surface so as to give the right impression of their height, width, depth and position in relation to each other
   adj. having or showing great insight or judgement; discerning
    quick judging and understanding
     plain to the understanding especially because of clarity and precision of presentation
     adj. expressed clearly
    n. moisture given off by the body; sweat
        v. give off moisture through the skin; sweat
     capable of influencing to action by entreaty, statement, or anything that moves the feelings.
        v.  ~ sb cause sb to do sth by arguing or reasoning with him
      n.  persuading or being persuaded
      adj. able to persuade; convincing
    adv.
  n.
            adj.  not showing respect; cheeky
         v. ~ to sth (used esp in the continuous tenses )  be connected with or relevant to sth
    adj. holding firmly to an opinion or a course of action; determined
       adj. ~ (fml ) relevant (to sth); to the point
         v. make (sb) very worried; disturb
    n. state of being perturbed; anxiety ;
         n. reading carefully
          v.  read (sth), esp carefully or thoroughly
         v. spread to and be perceived in every part of
       n. pervading or being pervaded
       adj. present and perceived everywhere; pervading
        adj.  (of a person) deliberately continuing to behave in a way that is wrong, unreasonable or unacceptable
      n.  changing sth from right to wrong; perverting
      stubborn maintenance of a wrong cause
         v.  turn away from its proper nature or use
        penetrable
           adj. (US infml ) causing trouble; annoying
       n.  tendency to be gloomy and believe that the worst will happen
       n. person who expects the worst to happen
     adj. ~ influenced by or showing pessimism
            n.  annoying person or thing
          v. ~ sb ~ sb (with sth) annoy or disturb sb, esp with frequent requests
       n. chemical substance used to kill pests, esp insects
      n. (any of various types of) deadly infectious disease that spreads quickly through large numbers of people, esp bubonic plague
       adj.  of or like a pestilence
    causing plague; baneful
          n. heavy round-ended tool used for crushing and grinding things to powder, esp in a special bowl
             n.  tame animal or bird kept as a companion and treated with care and affection
           n. any of the delicate, coloured, leaf-like divisions of a flower
        adj. having petals
           v. peter out decrease or fade gradually before coming to an end
        n. ~  formal written request, esp one signed by many people appealing to sb in authority
      one praying humbly for something
          n. any of several types of black and white sea-bird that fly far from land
    n. petrifying or being petrified
         take away power to feel through terror; turn to stone
     the description and systematic classification of rocks
          n. inflammable liquid obtained from petroleum by arefining process and used as a fuel in internal-combustionengines
       n. mineral oil that forms underground and is obtained from wells sunk into the ground, from which petrol, paraffin, diesel oil, etc are obtained by processing
     n. person who specializesin petrology
       n. scientific study of rocks
         adj. (of a person) childishly bad-tempered or impatient, esp about unimportant things ,
           adj. (derog )  small or trivial; unimportant
       the quality or state of being petulant:PEEVISHNESS
        adj. unreasonably impatient or irritable
         n. (in ancient Greece) close formation, esp of infantry ready for battle
        n.  thing seen in the imagination; illusion ;
      adj. of or like a phantasm
         n.  (also phantasm) ghostly image or figure; ghost
       excessively or hypocritically pious
     pertaining to the Pharisees who paid scrupulous attention to tradition; hypocritical
        (Judaism)  a member of an ancient Jewish sect that was opposed to the Sadducees, teaching strict observance of Jewish tradition as interpreted rabbinically and believing in life after death and in the coming of the Messiah
  adj. of or connected with the making and distribution of drugs and medicines
      n. person who has been trained to prepare medicines; pharmaceutical chemist
 adj. of or concerning pharmacology
  n. person who specializes in pharmacology
    n. scientific study of drugs and their use in medicine
   n. book containing a list of medicinal drugs and directions for their use, esp one officially published for use in a particular country
        n.  preparation and giving out of medicines and drugs
           n.  stage in a process of change or development
       observable facts; subjects of scientific investigation
      adj.  very remarkable; extraordinary
    adv. to an amazing degree
   the movement founded by Husserl that concentrates on the detailed description of conscious experience, without recourse to explanation, metaphysical assumptions, and traditional philosophical questions
      n.  fact or occurrence, esp in nature or society, that can be perceived by the senses
           n. small glass container, esp one for liquid medicine or perfume
       v. ~ (usu derog ) (of a man) amuse oneself by flirting with women
     n. man who does this
   adj. of or inspired by philanthropy
  n. person who helps others, esp through charitable work or donations of money
    n. concern for the welfare of mankind; benevolence ;
     n. person who collects postage stamps
       n. collecting and studying postage stamps
    adj. devoted to or loving music
      n. person who has no interest in or understanding of the arts, or is hostile to them; uncultured person
    adj. of or concerning philology
     n. expert in or student of philology
       n. science or studyof the development of language or of a particular language
     n.  person who studies or teaches philosophy
   philosophic adjs  of or according to philosophy
 adv: He accepted the verdict philosophically
    To seek ultimate causes and principles.
      n.  search for knowledge and understanding of the nature and meaning of the universe and of human life
      adj. calm and even-tempered; showing the quality of phlegm
  adv.
          n. extreme or abnormal dislike or fear of sth; aversion
         n. mythical bird of the Arabian desert, said to live for several hundred years before burning itself and then rising born again from its ashes ,
           n.  telephone
        adj.  of or concerning the sounds of human speech
          adj. (infml derog , ) (of a person) pretending or claiming to be what one is not
          adj.  of or concerning sound
       A graphic character symbolizing an articulate sound.
     n. expert in or student of phonology
       n.  study of the system of speech sounds, esp in a particular language
           fraudulent; having a misleading appearance ; a person who professes beliefs and opinions that they do not hold
 n. giving out of light without heat or with so little heat that it cannot be felt
           n. (infml ) = photograph
 [ photoconductivity: ] adj. "photocon'ductor nou
   adj. of or using the electrical effects produced by light
      n.  picture formed by means of the chemical action of light on a specially prepared surface, eg film or a glass plate, and then transferred to specially prepared paper
    a person who takes photographs, either as a hobby or a professio
    adj.  of, used in or produced byphotography
     n. art or process of taking photographs
n. process of transferring an image onto a metal plate by a photographic method, and printing from it
      Any instrument for measuring the intensity of light or comparing the intensity of two lights.
      The art of measuring the intensity of light.
Oxidation of carbohydrates in plants with the release of carbon dioxide during photosynthesis
     adjectiv
  n. process by which green plants convert carbon dioxide and water into food using the energy in sunlight
          n.  (grammar) group of words without a verb, esp one that forms part of a sentence
        the way in which something is expressed, esp. in writing; wording
          n. (biology ) major division in the animal or plant kingdom
          [ Culver's: ] a tall North American scrophulariaceous plant, Veronicastrum virginicum, having spikes of small white or purple flowers
        adj.  of or concerning material things
      adv. bodily
       n. doctor, esp one specializing in areas of treatment other than surgery
       n. expert in or student of physics
         n. properties of matter and energy (eg heat, light, sound, magnetism, gravity) and the relationship between them
     n.  features of a person's face
    Description of nature.
   adj. of or concerning physiology
 [ physiological: ] of or relating to physiology
    n. expert in or student of physiology
      n. scientific study of the normal functions of living things
        n. general appearance and size of a person's body, esp of the muscles
              n.  the sixteenth letter of the Greek alphabet (, ), represented in English spelling by `p' ,  p
           adv, adj (abbr  p) soft(ly)
          n. public square or marketplace, esp in an Italian town; plaza ,
      adj. dealing with the adventures of (often likeable) rogues and vagabonds
        Of small value.
         n. small musical instrument like the flute but producing notes an octave higher than those of the flute .
            n.  selecting; choice
          [ pickaxe: ] a large pick or mattock
          n.  worker or group of workers stationed outside the entrance to a place of work during a strike to try to persuade others not to enter
          n.  food (esp vegetables) preserved in vinegar or salt water
          n.  (esp Brit) meal eaten out of doors, esp as part of a pleasure trip
      a picture or symbol standing for a word or group of words, as in written Chinese
       adj. represented in a picture or pictures
         n.  painting, drawing, sketch, etc, esp as a work of art
          v. urinate
        adj. unimportant; trivial
             n.  (Brit) meat or fruit encased in pastry and baked in a (usu deep) dish
         adj. covered with irregularly-shaped patches of two colours, usu black and white ,
           n.  any of the parts of which sth is made
       adv. piece by piece; a part at a time
            adj. having mixed colours, esp black and white
            n.  structure of wood, iron, etc built out into the sea, a lake, etc so that boats can stop and take on or put down passengers or goods
          v.  (of sharp-pointed instruments) go into or through (sth)
        adj. (of voices, sounds, etc) shrill; penetrating
           n. devotion to God and respect for religious principles; being pious
             n.  domestic or wild animal with short legs, cloven hooves and a broad blunt snout
          n.  any of several types of wild or tame bird of the dove family
         n.  colouring matter used for making dyes, paint, etc
          n.  building in which pigs are kept .
            n. heavy column of wood, metal or concrete placed upright in the ground or the sea-bed as a foundation for a building, support for a bridge, etc
          v. ~ (from sb/sth) steal (sth, esp of small value or in small quantities)
       n. action of pilfering
         n. person who travels to a holy place as an act of religious devotion
      n.  journey made as a pilgrim
            n.  small ball or flat round piece of medicine made to be swallowed whole
         n. (esp formerly) stealing or damaging of property, esp by soldiers in war ,
          n.  upright column of stone, wood, metal, etc used as a support or an ornament, a monument, etc
         n. wooden framework with holes for the head and hands, into which wrongdoers were locked in former times, so that they could be publicly ridiculed .
          n. cushion used to support the head, esp in bed
           n.  person who operates the controls of an aircraft
             n.  short thin piece of stiff wire with a sharp point at one end and a round head at the other, used for fastening together pieces of cloth, paper, etc
          n.  either of the pair of curved claws of certain types of shellfish, eg lobsters,crabs, etc
         Also called: pair of pincers  a gripping tool consisting of two hinged arms with handles at one end and, at the other, curved bevelled jaws that close on the workpiece: used esp. for extracting nails
           v.  take or hold (sth) in a tight grip between the thumb and finger
            n. (also `pine tree) any of several types of evergreen tree that bear cones and have needle-shaped leaves growing in clusters
       n. large juicy tropical fruit with sweet yellow flesh and a prickly skin
         the head of a pin
          n.  outer segment of a bird's wing
            adj.  of a pale red colour
          n. the smallest finger of the human hand; the little finger
         n. small motor boat carried on a ship for taking people ashore, loading goods, etc ,
        n.  small pointed ornament built on to a roof or buttress
        n. sharp end of a pin
            n.  (Brit) unit of measure for liquids and some dry goods, --- of a gallon (equal to 0.568 of a litre) , ---, 0.568
         n.  person who is among the first to go into an area or country to settle or work there
           adj.  having or showing a deep devotion to religion
       n.
            n.  tube through which liquids or gases can flow
        n.  series of connected pipes, usu underground,for conveying oil, gas, etc to a distant place
        n. quality or state of being piquant
         adj.  having a pleasantly sharp taste
           v.  hurt the pride or self-respect of (sb); offend
          n. robbery by pirates (pirate 1a)
          n.  (esp formerly) person on a ship who attacks and robs other ships at sea
       adj. of or in the manner of a pirate
       n. rapid turn or spin made by a ballet-dancer while balanced on the point of the toe or the ball of the foot
     adj.  of or concerning fishing or fishermen
          n.  type of small gun, held and fired with one hand
          n.  round plate or short cylinder,usu made of metal or wood, that fits closely inside another cylinder or tube and moves up and down or backwards and forwards inside it
             n.  large hollow or opening in the ground
           n.  black substance made from coal tar, turpentine or petroleum which is sticky and semi-liquid when hot, and hard when cold, and is used to fill in cracks or spaces, eg between the planks of a floor or of a ship's deck, to make roofs waterproof, etc
         n. (esp Brit) large (usu earthenware) container for liquids, with one or two handles and a lip for pouring ,
         adj. arousing or deservingpity
         n.  unsuspected danger or difficulty
            n.  soft spongy substance that fills the stems of certain plants, eg reeds ,
         adv. in a pithymanner
       n. state of being pithy
           adj.  concise and full of meaning; terse
        adj.  deserving or arousing pity
         adj.  arousing pity
       adv.  in a pitifulmanner
        adj.  showing no pity or mercy; cruel
        n. very small or insufficient amount of money paid or received as wages or an allowance
            n.  ~ feeling of sorrow caused by the suffering, troubles, etc of others
           n.  central point, pin or shaft on which sth turns
         adj.  of or forming a pivot
           The smallest image-forming unit of a video display
         v. make less angry; soothe or pacify
       adj. designed to placate or having this effect
           n.  particular area or position in space occupied by sb/sth
         n.  (medical ) harmless substance given as if it were medicine to calm a patient who mistakenly believes he is ill
          adj. calm and peaceful; undisturbed
       n.
        adv: cows placidly chewing grass
      n. action of plagiarizing
      n. person who plagiarizes
      to steal and pass off (the ideas or words of another) as one's own:use (another's production) without crediting the source
          n.  the plague =bubonic plague (bubonic)
           adj.  easy to see, hear or understand; clear
       n.
       n. person who brings a legal action against sb
       adj. sounding sad; sorrowful
           v. weave or twist (three or more lengths of hair, straw, etc) under and over one another to make one rope-like length
            n.  ~ ~ (to do sth) arrangement for doing or using sth, considered or worked out in advance
           n.  (geometry ) surfacesuch that a straight line joining any two points in it touches it at all points
          n. any of the bodies in space that move around a star and are illuminated by it
       adj. of orlike a planet or planets
        adj.  (of sounds) throbbing loudly; reverberating
     A polar projection of the heavens on a chart.
           n.  long flat piece of sawn timber, 50-150mm thick and at least
        n. any of the forms of plant and animal life that drift in or float on the water of seas, rivers, lakes, etc
         a person who makes plans, esp. for the development of a town, building, etc.
           n.  living organism that is not an animal, which grows in the earth and usu has a stem, leaves and roots
      n.  large piece of land, esp in a tropical country, where tea, cotton, sugar, tobacco, etc are grown
          n. flat piece of stone, metal or porcelain fixed on a wall as an ornament or a memorial
         n.  soft mixture of lime, sand, water, etc that becomes hard when dry and is used for making a smooth surface on walls and ceilings
       adj. drunk
       n. person whose job is to put plaster on walls and ceilings
      a coating or layer of plaste
         n.  any of several chemically produced substances that can be formed into shapes when heated or made into thin threads and used in textiles
      n. state or quality of being able to be moulded or shaped
           n.  (often in compounds ) shallow (usu round) dish made usu of earthenware or china, from which food is served or eaten
         n.  large area of fairly level land high above sea-level
        n. amount that a plate1holds
        n.  level surface raised above the surrounding ground or floor, esp one from which public speakers, performers, etc can be seen by their audience
       n. commonplace remark or statement, esp when it is said as if it were new or interesting
   adj. commonplace or banal
        adj.  Platonic of or concerning the Greek philosopher Plato or his teachings
        n. (also ,duck-billed `platypus) small Australian furred animalwith a duck-like beak, webbed feet and a flat tail, that lays eggs but gives milk to its young
         n. (fml ) applause, praise or some other sign of approval
    n. state of being plausible
       adj.  seeming to be right or reasonable; believable
       adv: The case was presented very plausibly. * He argued very plausibly for its acceptance
            n.  activity done for amusement, esp by children; recreation
        n. poster announcing the performance of a play1
          n.  person who plays a game
         adj.  fond of playing; full of fun
      n. area of land where children play, eg as part of a school ,
         A final game or series of games played to break a tie
      n. person who writes plays; dramatist
           n.  open square or market-place
            n.  ~ (for sth) earnest request; appeal
           v.  ~ (with sb) (for sth) make repeated urgent requests (to sb) (for sth)
        [ plead: ] to appeal earnestly or humbly
      adv. in a begging or an imploring manner
        adj. ~ (to sth) giving pleasure to the mind, feelings or senses; enjoyable
      adv: smile pleasantly  * We were pleasantly surprised at the profit we made
    n.
          v.  be agreeable to make (sb) happy
        adj. ~ giving pleasure (to sb/sth); pleasant
     adj. givingpleasure; enjoyable
        n.  state or feeling of being happy or satisfied
           n. pressed or stitched fold made in a piece of cloth
        adj.  of the lower social classes
      n. (decision made by a) direct vote by all qualified citizens on an important political matter
          n.  solemn promise; vow
         The person to whom anything is pledged.
         adj.  attended by all who have the right to attend
 n. person with full powers to act on behalf of his government (esp in a foreign country)
       a full supply
       adj. plentiful
       adj. in large quantities ornumbers; abundant
     adv: The visitors were plentifully supplied with food and drink
          pron  number or amount that is sufficient for sb or more than sb needs
        n. use of more words than are necessary to express the meaning
      adj.
        n. quantity greater than what is needed; over-abundance
         adj.  easily bent, shaped or twisted; flexible
          adj.  bending easily; supple
          n. tool with long jaws which have flat surfaces that can be brought together for holding, bending, twisting or cutting wire, etc
          n. serious and difficult situation or condition
          n. square block or slab on which a column or statue stands
            v.  ~ (along/on) walk with heavy steps or with difficulty; trudge
        working laboriously and monotonously:DRUDGE
            n. small marked or measured piece of land, esp for a special purpose
          n.  implement with a curved blade, used for digging furrows in the soil, esp before seeds are planted, pulled by animals or by a tractor
            [ plough: ] an agricultural implement with sharp blades, attached to a horse, tractor, etc., for cutting or turning over the earth
            n. words or actions, eg in a game, intended to win an advantage over one's opponent
           v.  ~ sth gather or remove sth by pulling; pick sth
          adj. having or showing pluck; brave ;
            n.  piece of metal, rubber or plastic that fits tightly into a hole (eg in a barrel, wash-basin, bath, etc)
            n.  soft round smooth-skinned fruit with sweet flesh and a flattish pointed stone
         n. feathers covering a bird's body
           n.  piece of lead that is tied to a cord and used to find the depth of water or test whether a wall, etc is vertical ,
         n. person whose job is to fit and repair water-pipes, water-tanks, cisterns, etc in buildings
        n.  system of water-pipes, water-tanks, cisterns, etc in a building
           n. feather, esp a large one used as a decoration
         n.  plumb-line
           adj. (esp of an animal, a person, parts of the body) having a full rounded shape; fleshy
         embryo; quill-coverts
         v.  ~ (from sth) steal (goods) from a place, esp during a time of war or civil disorder; pillage
       n. person who plunders
          v.  ~ into sth; ~ (sth) in (cause sth to) fall into sth suddenly and with force
      adj. (grammar) (of the form of the verb phrase) expressing an action completed before a particular pointin the past
          n. form of a noun or verb which refers to more than one person or thing
       n.  existence in one society of a number of groups that belong to different races or have different political or religious beliefs
       n. supporter of pluralism
       n.  state of being plural
            prep with the addition of
           n. type of silk or cotton cloth with a surface like velvet
      n.  government by a rich and powerful class
       n. person who is powerful because of his wealth
     adj. of plutocracy
             n.  layer of wood or thickness of cloth
       adj. filled with air
       n. serious illness with inflammation of one or both lungs, causing difficulty in breathing
           v. cook (fish, fruit, etc) by simmering it gently in a small amount of liquid
          n.  small bag sewn into or onto a garment and forming part of it, for carrying things in
       n. amount a pocket holds
             n.  long seed-case of various plants, esp peas and beans
           adj. (infml usu derog , ) (of people or parts of the body) short and fat
      n. = chiropodist
        n. = chiropody (chiropodist)
          n. small platform for the conductor of an orchestra, a lecturer, etc to stand on
            n. piece of creative writing inverse, esp one expressing deep feelings or noble thoughts in beautiful language, written with the intention of communicating an experience
           Poetry.
            n. writer of poems
       An inferior poet.
          adj.  like or suggesting poetry, esp in being graceful and aesthetically leasing
         The rules and principles of poetry.
          n.  poems collectively or in general
          n. organized persecution or killing of a particular group or class of people, esp because of their race or religion
       n. state or quality of being poignant
        adj. affecting one's feelings deeply, making one sad, full of pity, etc
           n.  sharp or tapered end of sth; tip
         n.  long thin piece of metal, plastic, etc which moves to indicate figures, positions, etc on a dial, scale, etc
       adj. with little or no sense, aim or purpose
           v. be or keep balanced or suspended
          adj.  ~ in a state of balance, stillness
          n.  substance causing death or harm if absorbed by a living thing
       adj.  using poison as a means of attacking enemies or prey
            v.  ~ sb/sth (with sth) push sb/sth sharply (with a stick, one's finger, etc); jab sb/sth
            adj. (infml derog , ) (of a place, house, flat, etc) small; limited in space
           adj.  of or near the North or South Pole
        n.  possession or location of negative and positive poles
    the phenomenon in which waves of light or other radiation are restricted in direction of vibration ; the condition of having or giving polarity
        to break up into opposing factions or groupings
            n. native or inhabitant of Poland
         n.  ~ (against/in favour of sth/sb) speech, piece of writing, etc containing very forceful arguments (against or for sth/sb)
       adj.  of polemics
      n. person skilled in polemics
          n. police (members of an) official organization whose job is to keep public order, prevent and solve crime, etc
       n. male member of the police force
     n. (abbr  PW) female member of the police force
          n. ~ plan of action, statement of ideals, etc proposed or adopted by a government, political party, business, etc
          adj. of Poland or the Poles
        adj.  shiny from polishing
          adj.  having or showing that one has good manners and consideration for other people
      n. quality of being polite
         adj. (of actions) well judged; prudent
       adj.  of the State; of government; of public affairs in general
     adv. with regard to politics
      n.  person actively concerned with politics
      vt. to render political in tone, interest, or awareness
        n.  political affairs or life
          n.  form or process of government
            n.  voting at an election; counting of votes
          n. fine powder formed in flowers, which fertilizes other flowers when carried to them by the wind, insects, etc
       v. make fertile with pollen
     n.
        n. person who conducts public-opinion polls
       n. substance that pollutes, eg exhaust fumes from motor vehicles
         v. ~ sth  make sth dirty or impure, esp by adding harmful or unpleasant substances
       n. polluting or being polluted
       A person regarded as being foolishly or blindly optimistic
            n. game in which players onhorseback try to hit the ball into a goal using long-handledhammers
        coward
     adj.  of or practising polyandry
       n. custom of having more than one husband at the same time
      man who practices this
        n. custom of having more than one wife at the same time
        adj. knowing, using or written in many languages
         n. figure with many (usu five or more) straight sides
      n. solid figure with many (usu seven or more) faces
        n. person who knows a great deal about many different subjects
         n. natural or artificial compound made up of large molecules which are themselves made from combinations of small simple molecules
    n. word of several syllables
     n. college for advanced full-time and part-time education, esp in scientific and technical subjects
      n. belief in or worship of more than one god
          n.  rounded part of a saddle which sticks up at the front
            n.  splendid display or magnificence, esp at a public event
       n. being pompous
         adj. feeling, or showing that one feels, that one is much more important than other people
          n. type of cloak made from a large piece of cloth with a slit in the middle for the head
            n. small area of still water, esp one used or made as a drinking place for cattle or as an ornamental garden pool
          v. ~ think about (sth) carefully and for a long time, esp in trying to reach a decision; consider
      significant enough to be worth considering:APPRECIABLE
       adj.  slow and awkward because of great weight
         a dagger with a slender blade ; stab with a poniard
         n.  bishop; chief priest; high priest ;
      adj.  of the Pope
     n. office of a pontiff, esp of the Pope; period of this ;
            n.  small type of horse
        a hairstyle in which the hair is pulled tightly into a band or ribbon at the back of the head into a loose hanging fal
            n.  small area of still water, esp one that has formed naturally
            adj.  having very little money with which to buy one's basic needs
             n.  short sharp explosive sound
            n. head of the Roman Catholic Church who is also the Bishop of Rome
        n. (fml ) the general public; ordinary people
         adj.  liked, admired or enjoyed by many people
      n. quality or state of being liked or admired by many people
        v. live in (an area) and form its population
      n.  people who live in an area, a city, a country, etc
        adj. having a large population; densely populated
       n. hard white translucent material made from china clay, used for making cups, plates, ornaments, etc
           n.  covered entrance to a building, esp a church or house .
         adj. of or like a pig
       n. animal related to the squirrel, with a body and tail covered with long spines which it can stick out to protect itself when attacked
            n. any of the tiny openings in the surface of the skin or of a leaf, through which moisture can pass
            n. flesh of a pig eaten as food
        the state or condition of being porous
          adj.  allowing liquid or air to pass through, esp slowly
        n. type of hard red rock which contains red and white crystals, and may be polished and made into ornaments  ,
        n. sea mammal with a blunt rounded snout, similar to a dolphin or small whale
        n.  soft food made by boiling a cereal in water or milk
            n.  place where ships load and unload cargo or shelter from storms; harbour
        adj. that can be carried; not fixed permanently in place
         v. be a sign or warning of (sth in the future); foreshadow
         n. ~ (fml ) sign or warning of a future (often unpleasant) event; omen
      adj.  of or like a portent; ominous
          n.  person whose job is carrying people's luggage and other loads, eg in railway stations, airports, hotels, markets, etc
       n.  flat case (often made of leather) for carrying loose papers, documents, drawings, etc ,
         n. roof supported by columns, esp one forming an entrance to a large building
         n.  part or share into which sth is divided
          adj. (esp of an older person) having a stout body; fat
        n.  painted picture, drawing or photograph of a person or an animal
     n. portraits (portrait 1)
         v. ~ sb  make a picture of sb
       n.  action of portraying
      the official language of Portugal, its overseas territories, and Brazil: the native language of approximately 110 million people. It belongs to the Romance group of the Indo-European family and is derived from the Galician dialect of Vulgar Latin
            v.  ~ (for sb) sit or stand in a particular position in order to be painted, drawn or photographed
           n.  awkward or difficult question or problem
          n. (derog) person who behaves in an unnatural affected way in order to impress others
           v. suggest or assume (sth) as a fact; postulate ;
        n.  place where sb/sth is
        adj.  with no possibility of doubt; clear and definite
      adv. (infml ) extremely; absolutely
    n.
      n. system of philosophy based on things that can be seen or proved rather than on speculation
      n. person who studies or teaches positivism
    [ positivism: ] a strong form of empiricism, esp. as established in the philosophical system of Auguste Comte
           n. group of people who can be summoned by an officer of the law, eg a sheriff, to find a criminal, maintain order, etc
         v.  have (sth) as one's belongings; own
       owning or having
      n.  state of possessing; ownership
      adj.  ~ (with sth/sb) showing a desire to own things and an unwillingness to share what one owns
     n.  ~ ~ (that...) state of being possible; likelihood
        adj.  that can be done
        adv.  perhaps
            n.  piece of metal or wood set upright in the ground to support sth, mark a position, etc
         n. amount charged or paid for carrying letters, etc by post
          adj. of the post3(1b)
        n. card for sending messages by post without an envelope and often with a picture or photograph onone side
        To make the date of any writing later than the real date.
          n. large placard displayed in a public place
       adj.  ~ (to sth) later (than sth) in time or in a series
       n.  following or future generations
    adj. (of studies, etc) done after taking a first degree
      adj. happening or given after death
         (pl -men) n person employed to collect and deliver letters, etc
      adj. (in the arts, architecture, etc.) characteristic of a style and school of thought that rejects the dogma and practices of any form of modernism
      occurring after death
       adj. occurring in the period after childbirth
        v.  ~ sth arrange sth at a later time; defer sth
    n. act of postponing or delaying
    adj. happening immediately after a meal
      n. ~  (abbr  PS) extra message added at the end of a letter after the signature
       v. put (sth) forward as a fact or accept (sth) as true, esp as a basis for reasoning or argument
         n.  attitude or position of the body
        [ posture: ] a position or attitude of the limbs or body
            n. small bunch of flowers; bouquet
             n.  round vessel made of earthenware, metal, etc for cooking things in
         adj. fit for drinking; drinkable ;
        n. act of drinking
          n.  plant grown for its rounded starchy tubers which are eaten cooked as a vegetable
       a literary or artistic work of poor quality, producedquickly for profit
         Power.
          adj.  (of drugs, etc) having a strong effect
       n. ruler with direct power over his people; autocratic monarch
       adj. that can or may come into existence; possible
    n. (fml ) power or quality that exists but has not been developed
     adv. a potentially rich country, ie one with many natural resources that could be developed
      to make effective or active or more effective or more active; also:to augment the activity of (as a drug) synergistically
          an excited state of agitation ; make upset or troubled
          n. drink of medicine, poison or a liquid used in magic
       heterogeneous mixture;
         n.  earthenware pots, etc made by hand
           n.  small (esp leather) bag carried in the pocket or attached to a belt
        n. soft heated mass spread on a cloth and put on a sore place on the body to soothe pain, reduce swelling, etc
         n. hens, ducks, geese, turkeys, etc kept for eating or for their eggs; domestic fowls
          v. ~ make a sudden attack by swooping or springing down
           n.  (abbr  lb) standard measure of weight, 16 ounces in the avoirdupoissystem, equal to 0.454 kg , 160.454
            v.  (of a liquid or substance that flows like liquid) flow, esp downwards, in a continuous stream
            v. push the lips or the lower lip forward, esp as a sign of annoyance or sulking
         n.  state of being poor
          n.  (substance in the form of a) mass of fine dry particles
           n.  ability to do or act
        adj. of or having great power
      adv: He is very powerfully built, ie has a large strong physique
       adj.  without power or strength
   n.
     adj.  that can be put into practice; workable
       adj.  concerned with practiceand action rather than theory
joke   trick played on sb for amusement, usu involving some physical action
    n.  quality or state of being sensible and realistic
     adv.  almost; virtually
        n.  actual doing of sth; action as contrasted with theory
        v.  ~ (on sth) do sth repeatedly or regularly in order to improve one's skill
    n.  person who practises a skill or an art
       adj.  treating things in a sensible and realistic way; concerned with practical results
      n.  thinking about or treating things in a practical way
      n.  person who acts in a practical way
         n. wide area of level grassland, esp in N America; plain2
          v.  ~ sb/sth (for sth); ~ sb/sth as sth express approval or admiration for sb/sth
          v.  move jerkily by raising the forelegs and springing forward from the hind legs
           n. playful or mischievous trick
       n. person who plays pranks
           v. ~ (on about sth) talk or chatter too much (about sth)
         v. ~ (away) (of a child) talk in a simple way; babble
        n. person who prattles (prattle b)
            v. ~ (for sb/sth); ~ sb (for sth) offer thanks, make requests known, etc (to God)
          n.  ~ (for sth) solemn request to God or to an object of worship
          v. ~ (to sb) (about/against/on sth) give a sermon, esp in church
        n. person who preaches, esp a clergyman who preaches sermons
        n. ~ opening statement explaining the purpose of the book, document, lecture, etc that follows
      adj.  depending on chance; uncertain
    adv. uncertainlty
      n. ~ thing done in advance to avoid danger, prevent problems, etc
   adj. done as a precaution; preventive
         v.  come or go before in time, order, rank, etc
      n. ~ right to come before sb/sth in time, order, rank, etc
       n. earlier decision, case, event, etc that is regarded as an example or rule for what comes later
       going or coming before; forme
         n.  rule or guide, esp for behaviour
       n. teacher
      n. gradual change in the angle at which the earth revolves daily, causing the equinoxes to occur slightly earlier in each successive year ,
        n.  area enclosed by definite boundaries, esp the walls of a cathedral, church or college
      n. over-refinement in language and art; being precious(3) ;
        adj.  of great value
       n. very steep or vertical face of a cliff, mountain or rock
     Moving onward quickly and heedlessly.
     v.  cause (sth) to happen suddenly or soon(er); hasten
   n.  violent haste
     adj. dangerously high or steep
          n. restatement in shortened form of the main points or ideas of a speech or written text; summary
         adj.  stated clearly andaccurately
       adv.  exactly; just
       n.  exactness and clarity; quality of being precise(1)
        v. ~ sb from doing sth prevent (sth, or sb doing sth); make (sth) impossible
      adj. (of a child) having developed certain abilities at an earlier age than usual
       [ precocious: ] ahead in development, such as the mental development of a child
    n. knowledge of sth before it occurs
   n. ~ opinion or idea formed in advance and not based on experience or knowledge
       n. ~(of sth)  person or thing that comes before sth; forerunner
      preliminary/anticipating
        n.  animal that kills and eats other animals
       adj.  (living by) killing other animals for food
     n.  person who held an office or position before sb else
  n. theory or belief that everything that happens has been predetermined by God and that man cannot change it
      decree or determine beforehand ; foreordain or determine beforehand
    v. decide or fix (sth) in advance; prearrange
   [ predetermine: ] to determine beforehand
     n. difficult or unpleasant situation, esp one in which sb is uncertain what to do
       n. part of a statement that says sth about the subject, eg `is short' in `Life is short' ,  Life is short  is short
     adj. (of an adjective or a noun) coming after a verb such as be, become, get, seem, look  be become get seem look
         v. say in advance that will happen; forecast
  n.
     adj. that can be predicted
     adv.
       [ predict: ] to state or make a declaration about in advance, esp. on a reasoned basis; foretell
      n.  predicting
      [ prediction: ] the act of predicting
       n. person, instrument, etc that predicts
       v. treat so that it is easy to digest
    n. ~ (for sth) special liking (for sth); preference
      v.  ~ sb to/towards sth influence sb (in a specified way) in advance
  n. ~ ~ (to do sth) state of mind or body that makes sb liable to act in a certain way or to suffer from a certain disease
    n.  ~ state of being greater in strength, numbers, etc
     adj.  having more power or influence than others
     v.  ~ have control, power or influence(over sb/sth)
     Special eminence.
      having paramount rank, dignity, or importance:OUTSTANDING
         to replace with something considered to be of greater value or priority:take precedence over
      the judicial principle asserting the supremacy of federal over state legislation on the same subject ; the right of a government to seize or appropriate something (as property)
           v.  clean or smooth (its feathers or itself) with its beak
        To exist at a period or in a state earlier than something else.
    Existence antecedent to something.
    v. manufacture in sections that can be assembled later on a building site, in a shipyard, etc
         n.  introductory statement atthe beginning of a book, esp one that explains the author'saims
       adj. acting as a preface; introductory
          v.  ~ sth (to sth) choose sth rather than sth else; like sth better
      adj. ~ (to sth/doing sth) to be preferred (to sth); more desirable or suitable
      n.  ~ (for sth) liking for sth (more than sth else)
    adj.  of, giving, receiving or showing preference(
  adv: be treated preferentially
      n. promotion to a higher position or rank
   the act of prefiguring
       v.  represent beforehand (sth that will happen in the future); foreshadow
          n.  word or syllable (eg co-, ex-, non-, pre-, re-) placed in front of a word to add to or change the meaning of that word, eg un- in unhappy ,  co- ex- non- pre- re-,  unhappy  un-
       n. state or period of being pregnant(1)
        adj.  having a baby or young animal developing in the womb
      adj. able to grasp and hold things
      The act of laying hold of or grasping.
     adj. of or concerning the time before recorded history
      n.  period before recorded history
       n. opinion, or like or dislike of sb/sth, that is not founded on experience or reason
      adj. having or showing prejudice
     adj. ~ fml ) causing harm (to a person's rights, interests,etc)
         n.  office, rank or see of a prelate
         n. high-ranking clergyman, eg a bishop or an archbishop
     adj. ~ coming before a more important action or event; preparatory
     not yet having acquired the ability to read and write ; used of a society that has not developed writing
         n.  ~ action or event that happens before another larger or more important one and forms an introduction to it
       adj.  happening before the proper or expected time
     [ premature: ] occurring or existing before the normal or expected time
     v. plan in advance
    characterized by fully conscious willful intent and a measure of forethought and planning
   n.
         adj. first in importance, position, etc
        n. first public performance of a play or showing of a film; first night
         n.  statement or idea on which reasoning is based; hypothesis
        n.  house or other buildings with its outbuildings, land, etc
         n.  amount or instalment regularly paid for an insurance policy
     n. ~ feeling that sth unpleasant is going to happen
     adj. giving a warning
        occurring or present before birth; during pregnancy
   n.  state of being preoccupied; absent-mindedness ;
     adj. inattentive because one is thinking of or worrying about sth else
       v. engage (sb or his mind, thoughts, etc) so that he cannot think of other things; obsess
       To foreordain.
     n.  preparing or being prepared
     adj. preparing for sth; introductory
         v. ~ (for sb/sth) get or make (sb/sth) ready
   superiority of power, quantity
    adj. greater in influence, importance, quantity, etc
    v. ~ (fml ) be greater in influence, importance, quantity, etc (than sth else)
     n. (abbreviated as prep in this dictionary prep) word or group of words (eg in, from, to, out of, on behalf of) used esp before a noun or pronoun to show place, position, time, method, etc ,    ,  in from to out of on behalf of
   adj. of or containing a preposition
      to preoccupy or engross mentally
   adj. makinga good impression; attractive
   A preconceived liking.
    adj. completely contrary to reason or common sense; absurd or outrageous
    adj. ~ (infml ) required as a condition (for sth)
     n. right or privilege, esp one belonging to a particular person or group
         n. sign that sth (esp sth unpleasant) will happen; omen ;
      foreknowledge of events:a:divine omniscience  b:human anticipation of the course of events:FORESIGHT
       adj. knowing about things before they take place; able to see into the future ;
       v.  ~ sth (for sth) advise or order the use of (esp a medicine, remedy, etc)
      [ prescribe: ] to lay down as a rule or directive
       n. law, rule or command
    n.  doctor's written instruction for the composition and use of a medicine
    adj. making rules or giving orders or directions
        n.  being present in a place
         adj.  ~ (of a person) being in the place in question
    n.  presenting or being presented
       n. person who presents (present3 8c) a programme
     Perceiving or feeling beforehand.
    n. vague feeling that sth (esp sth unpleasant) will happen; foreboding
       adv.  after a short time; soon
     Semblance.
    n.  action of preserving
    adj. preserving
        v.  keep or maintain (sth) in an unchanged or perfect condition
       [ preserve: ] to keep safe from danger or harm; protect
       n. person or thing that preserves
          to set (a timing device) so that something begins to operate at the time specified
         v.  ~ be chairman (at a conference, meeting, etc)
       n.  President elected head of state in the US and many modern republics
    adj. of a president or presidency
           n.  act of pushing steadily with the hand
        adj. urgent
        n.  force or weight of sth pressing continuously on or against sth that it touches
n. performing tricks by conjuring; sleight of hand
 n. conjurer
        n.  respect based on good reputation, past achievements, etc
     adj. having or bringing prestige
          adj. adv  quick(ly)
      adj. that may be presumed
      adv. it may be presumed
         v.  suppose to be true; take (sth) for granted
        [ presume: ] [when tr, often takes a clause as object]  to take (something) for granted; assume
     n.  ~ (of sth) presuming sth to be true or the case
    adj. (of a person or his behaviour) too bold or self-confident
[ presumptuous: ] characterized by presumption or tending to presume; bold; forward
      v.  assume (sth) to be true beforehand
  n(action of) presupposing (presuppose1)
        n.  deception; make-believe
         v.  make oneself appear to be sth in order to deceive others or in play
       [ pretend: ] to claim or allege (something untrue)
        an inadequate or insincere attempt to attain a certain condition or quality
      n.  ~ (making of a) claim
     adj. claiming merit or importance; pompous or showy
 n.
   adj. beyond what is natural or normal; unusual
         n. ~ reason given (for doing sth) that is not the real reason; excuse
        adv. in a pretty or charming way
          adj.  pleasing and attractive, without being beautiful or magnificent
         v.  ~ exist or happen generally; be widespread
      adj. most usual orwidespread
      n. being prevalent
       adj. ~ (among/in sth/sb) existing or happening generally; widespread
     v. try to avoid telling the (whole) truth by speaking in an evasive or a misleading way; equivocate
   n. prevaricating
    n. person who prevaricates
         v.  ~ sb/sth (from doing sth) stop or hinder sb/sth
     adj. that can be prevented
      n.  preventing
      adj. preventing or intendedto prevent sth; precautionary
         n. showing of a film, an exhibition, a play, etc before it is shown to the general public
        adj.  coming before in time or order
      adv: She had previously worked in television
       a prophetic vision (as in a dream) ; the power to foresee the future
            n.  animal, bird, etc hunted and killed by another for food
           n.  amount of money for which sth is bought or sold
           n.  act of pricking
         n.  small pointed growth on the stem or leaf of a plant; thorn
     [ prickly: ] having or covered with prickles
         very irritable ; having or covered with protective barbs or quills or spines or thorns etc.
           n.  ~ (in sb/sth) feeling of pleasure or satisfaction which one gets from doing sth well, from owning sth excellent or widely admired, etc
        [ pride: ] a feeling of honour and self-respect; a sense of personal worth
          n.  person appointed to perform religious duties and ceremonies in the Christian Church, esp one who is between a deacon and a bishop in the Roman Catholic, Orthodox or Anglican Church ; , clergyman
            n. person who behaves as ifhe were morally superior to everyone else, and disapprovesof what others do; self-righteous person ;
        [ prig: ] another word for: steal
        adj. of or like a prig
            adj. (usu derog )  (of a person) disliking anything that is improper, rude or rough; prudish
         n.  leadingposition; pre-eminence
          adj.  first or original; primeval
       adv. mainly
         adj.  earliest in time or order of development
         n. archbishop
           adj.  most important; chief; fundamental
          n. textbook for people just starting to study a subject
        adj. of the earliest period of the history of the world
       adj.  of or at an early stage of social development
   n.  fact of being a first-born child
      adj. existing at or from the beginning, esp of the world or the universe; primeval
           v.  (derog ) tidy (oneself, one's hair, etc) in a fussy way
          n.  male member of a royal family who is not the king, esp (in Britain) a son or grandson of the sovereign
        adj. of, like or ruled by a prince
        n. female member of a royal family who is not the queen, esp (in Britain) the daughter or granddaughter of the sovereign
       adj. first in rank or importance; chief; main
    n.  country ruled by a prince
     adv. for the most part; chiefly
       n.  basic general truth that underlies sth
      adj. based on or having (esp good) principles (principle 2) of behaviour
           n.  letters, words, numbers, etc in printed form
         n.  person whose job is printing
           adj. coming before in time, order or importance
  [ prioritize: ] to arrange (items to be attended to) in order of their relative importance
        n.  ~ (state of) being more important (in rank)
          n. monastery governed by a prior or convent governed by a prioress
           n.  solid geometric shape with ends that are parallel and of the same size and shape, and with sides that are parallelograms
          n.  place where people are kept locked up as a punishment for crimes they have committed or while awaiting trial
        n.  person kept in prison, as a punishment or awaiting trial
          adj. (derog ) annoyinglyprecise and fussy, and (claiming to be) easily shocked by improper things
        adj.  in its original condition; unspoilt
         n.  state of being alone or undisturbed
         adj.  of, belonging to or for the use of one particular person or group only; personal
       n. (captainof or sailor on a) ship used for attacking and robbing other ships; pirate (ship)
       adv: The matter was arranged privately. * He supported the official policy in public, but privately he knew it would fail. * a privately-owned firm
       n.  lack of things necessary for life; deprivation
       n.  special right or advantage available only to a particular person, class or rank, or to the holder of a certain position
         adv. privately; secretly ;
         Knowledge shared with another or others regarding a private matter.
           adj.  private; secret
           n.  award given to the winner of a competition, race, etc
     n.  likelihood
        adj. that may be expected to happen or to be so; likely
        adv. almost certainly
         n.  official process of proving that a will is correct
       n.  (system of) keeping an official check on the behaviour of (esp young) people found guilty of crime as an alternative to sending them to prison
    adj. of or for probation
           n.  tool for examining a place whichcannot be reached otherwise, esp a thin implement with a blunt end used by a doctor for examining a wound
         [ probe: ] vt. to search into or question closely
         n. quality of being honest and trustworthy; integrity ;
         n.  thing that is difficult to deal with or understand
     adj.  difficult to deal with or to understand
   [ problematic: ] having the nature or appearance of a problem; questionable
       n. elephant's trunk
       n.  order or way of doing things, esp in business, law, politics, etc
         v.  ~ (to sth) go to a further or the next stage; go on
      an act or course of action
        n. ~ money obtained by selling sth, presenting a performance,etc; profits
         n.  series of actions or operations performed in order to do, make or achieve sth
      n.  number of people, vehicles, etc moving along in an orderly way, esp as part of a ceremony or demonstration
        v.  make known officially or publicly; announce
    n.  action of proclaiming
      n. ~ (fml ) natural inclination to do sth (esp sth bad); tendency
   v. delay or postpone action
 n.  procrastinating
  [ procrastinate: ] to put off or defer (an action) until a later time; delay
       v. reproduce offspring sexually
     adj. tending or designed to produce conformity by violent or ruthless method
         n.  (at the universities of Oxford and Cambridge) either of two officials with responsibility for discipline
         v.  ~ sth (fml ) obtain sth, esp with care or effort; acquire
     n. obtaining
            v.  ~ (at sb/sth) push or poke (sb/sth) with a finger or some other pointed object
        adj.  spending money or resources too freely; extravagant
     n. (derog ) wasteful spending; extravagance ;
      adv: use resources prodigally
      adj. very great in size, amount or degree, so as to cause amazement or admiration; enormous
         n.  person with unusual or remarkable qualities or abilities
         v.  ~ sth create sth by making, manufacturing, growing, etc
        n.  person, company, country, etc that produces goods or materials
         n.  thing or substance produced by a natural or manufacturing process
      n.  action of manufacturing, extracting, etc, esp in large quantities
      adj.  producing or able to produce goods or crops, esp in large quantities
    n.  ability to produce (eg goods or crops); state of being productive
         adj.  not sacred; secular
       n.  profane behaviour, esp the use of profane language
         v.  claim (sth), often falsely
      n.  paid occupation, esp one that requires advanced education and training, eg architecture, law or medicine
    adj.  of or belonging to a profession
       n.  (US also full professor) (title of a) university teacher of the highest grade who holds a chair(3) in a subject
    adj. of or like a professor
   n. position of a university professor; chair
         v. ~ sth(fml ) offer sth
     n. ~ eing proficient (in sth)
      adj. ~ doing or able to do sth in a skilled or an expert way because of training and practice
         n.  side view, esp of the human face
          n.  financial gain
   n.
      adj. bringing profit or advantage; beneficial
      adv: They invested the money very profitably. * She spent the weekend profitably
       v. maketoo large a profit, esp by exploiting people in difficult times (eg in a war or famine)
      adj. without profit1(
      n. being profligate
      adj.  recklessly extravagant or wasteful
        adj.  deep, intense or far-reaching; verygreat
      adv. deeply; extremely
      n.  depth (esp of knowledge, thought, etc)
         adj.  in large amounts; abundant
       n.  ~ of sth abundant supply of sth
      n.  ancestor (of a person, an animal or a plant)
         n. offspring
       n. (medical) forecast of the likely course of a disease or an illness
   v.  tell (sth) in advance; predict
         n.  =programme
 [ programmable: ] adj. (esp. of a device or operation) capable of being programmed for automatic operation or computer processing
        n.  forward or onward movement
     n.  ~ (to sth) (process of) moving forward or developing,esp in stages or gradually; progressing
     adj.  making a continuous forward movement
        v.  ~ sth/sb (from doing sth) forbid sth or sb from doing sth esp by laws, rules or regulations
      [ prohibit: ] to forbid by law or other authority
     n.  forbidding or being forbidden
  n. person who supports the prohibition of sth by law, esp the sale of alcoholic drinks
     adj.  intended to or tending to prevent the use or purchase of sth
     adj. intended to prohibit sth
         n.  scheme or undertaking
       [ project: ] a proposal, scheme, or design
      n. object (to be) shot forward, esp from a gun
      n.  projecting or being projected
       n. apparatus for projecting photographs or films onto a screen
     member of the working class
     n. the proletariat class of (esp industrial and manual) workers who do not own the means of production and earn their living by working for wages
     v.  produce new growth or offspring rapidly; multiply ;
   n.  proliferating or being proliferated
        adj.  producing much fruit or many flowers or offspring
    adv.
          adj. (of a speech, writer, etc) using too many words and so boring to listen to or read
       n.
        n. ~  introductory part of a poem or play
         v.  make longer, esp in time; extend
       adj. continuing for a long time
       n.  (also Brit infml  prom) public place for walking, esp a paved area along the waterfront at the seaside
      n.  state of being prominent
       adj.  jutting out; projecting
     adv: The notice was prominently displayed
     promiscuous sexual relations
     adj.  not carefully chosen; indiscriminate or casual
         n.  ~ written or spoken declaration that one will give or do or not do sth
        (Contract law)  a person to whom a promise is made
       adj. likely to do well; full of promise (3)
      adj. conveying a promise
      n. area of high land jutting out into the sea or a lake; headland ; .
         to contribute to the growth or prosperity of:FURTHER
        n. person who organizes or finances (esp a business company or a sporting event)
       n.  raising or being raised to a higher rank or position
     adj. of or relating topromotion
          adj.  done without delay; punctual
       n. urging or persuading
        adv: She replied promptly to my letter
      the characteristic of doing things without delay ; the quality or habit of adhering to an appointed time
      v.  make (sth) widely known; disseminate
    n.
           adj.  lying flat, esp face downwards
           n. each of the two or more long pointed parts of a fork
         n. word used in place of a noun or noun phrase, eg he, it, hers, me, them, etc ,  he it hers me them
       v.  make the sound of (in a particular way)
   adj. that can be pronounced
      adj.  very noticeable
   n. ~ formal statement or declaration
   n.  (a)way in which a language is spoken
           n.  evidence that shows, or helps to show, that sth is true or is a fact
            n.  rigid support, esp a piece of wood, used to prevent sth falling or sagging
      n. publicity that is intended to spread ideas or information which will persuade or convince people
    n. person who creates or spreads propaganda
       v.  increase the number of by a natural processfrom the parent stock
     n. propagating or being propagated
      person or thing that propagates
          v. move, driveor push (sth) forward
      n. propelling agent, eg an explosive that propels a bullet from a weapon, a fuel that provides thrust for a rocket, or compressed gas that forces out the contents of an aerosol container
      adj. that propels
       n. two or more spiral blades fixed to a revolving shaft for propelling a ship or an aircraft
      n. ~ (for doing/to do sth) (fml ) inclination or tendency
          adj.  that fits, belongs or is suitable; fitting or appropriate
        adv.  in a proper manner
        n.  thing or things owned; possession
        n.  saying what will happen in the future
        v.  ~ (of sth) foretell future events; speak as a prophet; make prophecies ;
         n.  person who tells, or claims to be able to tell, what will happen in the future
       adj.  of or like a prophet or prophets
   adv: We were to realize years later how prophetically he spoke on that occasion
    adj. tending to prevent a disease or misfortune
     n. nearness in space or time
      v. win the favour or forgiveness of (sb) (esp when he is angry) by a pleasing act; appease or placate
    adj. serving or intended to propitiate
      adj. ~ (fml ) giving or indicating a good chance of success; favourable
       n. ~ person who supports a cause, theory, etc
      n.  comparative part or share of a whole; fraction
    adj. ~ (fml ) corresponding in size, amount or degree (to sth); in the correct proportion
   adj. ~ (fml ) in proportion (to sth); corresponding to sth
        n.  action of suggesting or putting forward
         v.  offer or put forward for consideration; suggest
     n.  ~ (that...)statement that expresses a judgement or an opinion; assertion
        v. put (sth) forward for consideration or solution
     adj.  (of goods) manufactured and sold by a particular firm, usu under patent
      n. owner, esp of a business firm, hotel or patent
       n.  state of being correct in one's social or moral behaviour
      n. driving forward or being driven forward
      adj. that drives sth (esp a vehicle) forward
     n. (instance of) proroguing
        v. bring (a session of Parliament) to an end without dissolvingParliament (so that unfinished business may be continuedin the next session)
         adj. uninspired; unimaginative
      n. the part of the stage in front of the curtain
       v.  state officially that (sth) is dangerous or forbidden
    n. (instance of) proscribing or beingproscribed
           n. written or spoken language that is not in verse form
       v.  ~ sb bring a criminal charge against sb in a court of law
     n.  prosecuting (prosecute 1) or being prosecuted for acriminal offence
      n. person who prosecutes in a court of law
       n. person who has been converted from one set of religious, political, etc beliefs to another
     to recruit or convert especially to a new faith, institution, or cause
    [ proselytize: ] verb  to convert (someone) from one religious faith to another
         n.  science of verse forms and poetic metres
        n.  (dated ) wide view of a landscape, etc
     adj. expected to be or to occur; future or possible
      n. person who explores a region looking for gold, ores, etc
       [ prospect: ] [sometimes pl]  a probability or chance for future success, esp. as based on present work or aptitude
      n. printed document, leaflet, etc giving details of and advertising sth, eg a private school or a new business
         v. be successful; thrive
      [ prosper: ] to thrive, succeed, etc., or cause to thrive, succeed, etc. in a healthy way
      n. state of being successful or rich; good fortune
      adj. successful or thriving, esp financially
       adj.  stretched out on the ground face downward, esp because of exhaustion or in order to show submission, respect, etc
     n.  (fml ) chief character in a drama; hero
         adj. that can change quickly and easily; variable ;
         v.  ~ sb/sth (against/from sth) keep sb/sth safe from harm, injury, etc; defend sb/sth
      n.  ~ (against sth) protecting or being protected
      adj.  that protects or is intended to protect
       n.  person who protects
         [ protg: ] a person who is protected and aided by the patronage of another person
         n. substance found in meat, eggs, fish, etc that is an important body-building part of the diet of humans and animals
         n.  statement or anaction that shows one's strong dispproval or disagreement
      n, adj of any of the Christian bodies that separated from theChurch of Rome in the 16th century, or of their branchesformed later 16
   n. system of beliefs, teachings, etc of the Protestants
    n. solemn declaration
        n.  system of rules governing formal occasions, eg meetings between governments, diplomats, etc; official etiquette
     The earliest victim in any cause.
          n. elementary particle with a positive electric charge, which is present in the nuclei of all atoms
      n. colourless jelly-like substancethat forms the basis of all animal and plant cells and tissues
       n. first or original example of sth that has been or will be copied or developed; model or preliminary version
        v. make (sth) last a long time or longer; lengthen or prolong
      prolonged
illness 
        v. ~ (from sth) (cause sth to) jut or stick out from a surface; (cause sth to) project
      [ protrude: ] to thrust or cause to thrust forwards or outwards
      n. protruding
      adj. protruding
    n. being protuberant
     adj. bulging, curving or swelling outwards from a surface; prominent
           adj. (approv ) ~ (of sb/sth); ~ (to do sth/that...) feeling or showing justifiable pride (1a)
        that can be proved
           v. ~ sth (to sb) show that sth is true or certain by means of argument or evidence
          adj.  that has been tested or demonstrated
      n. (place of) origin
       n.  food for horses and cattle, eg hay or oats; fodder
         n. short well-known saying that states a general truth or gives advice, eg `It takes two to make a quarrel' or `Don't put all your eggs in one basket'
      adj.  of, like or expressed in a proverb
    adv.
         v.  ~ sb ~ sth (for sb) make sth available for sb to use by giving, lending or supplying it
        conj on the condition or understanding that
      n.  way in which God or nature cares for and protects all creatures
       adj. having or showing wisdom for future needs; thrifty
    adj. occurring just at the right time when needed
        n.  any of the main administrative divisions in certain countries
      adj.  of a province (1)
   n.  provincial (
       n.  ~ of sth giving, lending, supplying or making sth available; providing sth
     adj. for the presenttime only, with the possibility of being changed, etc later; temporary
      [ provision: ] the act of supplying or providing food, etc.
         n. clause, etc that is insisted on as a condition of an agreement
       adj. containing a proviso; conditional
     n.  making sb angry by deliberately doing sth annoying or offensive; provoking or being provoked
     adj.  tending or intended to arouse anger, annoyance, controversy, etc
         v.  make (sb) angry or annoyed
       adj. annoying
         n. outstanding skill or ability; expertise
           v.  ~ (about/around) move quietly and cautiously
         n. person or animal that prowls
       adj. next before or after (in time, order, etc); nearest  ,
       n. ~ (to sth) nearness in space or time; closeness
           n.  person authorized to act on behalf of another
           n. person who behaves in an extremely or unnaturally proper manner, esp one who is (too) easily shocked by sexual matters
        n. (quality of) being prudent; forethought or wisdom
         adj. acting with or showing care and foresight; showing good judgement
      Proceeding or marked by caution.
         n. behaviour or attitude of a prude
         adj. of or like a prude
           n. dried plum
       n. quality or state of being prurient
        adj. having or showing excessive interest in sexual matters
             v. ~ (into sth) inquire too curiously or rudely about other people's private affairs
           n. sacred song or hymn, esp one of those in the Book of Psalms in the Old Testament
   adj. of or relating to psephology
    n. expert in or student of psephology
      n. study of the way in which people vote in elections, esp by means of opinion polls
       n. person's name that is not his real name, esp one used by an author; pen-name
    The state or character of using a fictitious name.
           v.  ~ sb (out) make sb nervous or less confident, etc, esp by psychological means
          n. human soul or mind
     adj.  producing hallucinations
     adj. of or concerning psychiatry
    n. specialist in psychiatry
      n. study and treatment of mental illness
         adj.  concerned with processes and phenomena that seem to be outside physical or natural laws
  n. repeatedly interviewing a person in order to make him aware of experiences in his early life and trace the connection between them and his present behaviour or feelings
   n. person who practises psychoanalysis
  [ psychoanalysis: ] psychoanalytic
   adj.  of or affecting the mind
 adv. ,psychological `warfare weakening an enemy's morale or by trying to change his attitudes, beliefs, etc
    n. student of or expert in psychology
      n.  science or study of the mind and how it functions
      n. person suffering from a severe mental or emotional disorder,esp one who behaves in a violently aggressive or antisocialway ,
    adj. of or suffering from a severe emotional or mental disorder
       n. severe mental illness that affects the whole personality
   adj.  caused or made worse by mental stress
 n. person who treats people by using psychotherapy
   n. treatment of mental disorders by psychological methods
       adj. of or suffering from psychosis
     n. extinct flying reptile
             n. public house
         n. stage at which a person's sexual organs are maturing and he or she becomes capable of having children
          adj.  of or concerning people in general
     n.  action of making a book or periodical, available to the public
       n.  state of being known to, seen by, etc the public
       make public ; call attention to
         v.  prepare, have printed and distribute to the public (a book, periodical, etc)
       n. person or firm that publishes books, newspapers, etc
          v. ~ (up) (cause sth to) form small folds or wrinkles
         adj. mischievous, esp in a playful way; impish
         n.  (Brit) (dish of) sweet food eaten at the end of a meal; dessert
          n. small pool of water, esp of rain-water on the road
           adj. (infml ) short and fat; podgy
         adj. showing immaturity; childish and silly
       n. puerile behaviour; childishness ;
            n.  (sound of a) short light blowing of breath or wind
         (plural:  -eries)  (informal)
        n. professionalboxing
        n. professionalboxer
      adj. (fml ) of or like a pugilist
      adj. inclined or eager to fight; aggressive
       n.
       Power; might
        powerful; strong; potent
            v. ~ (up) (sl ) vomit
     physical comeliness
 [ pulchritude: ]
            n.  ~ act of pulling; tug
          n. young domestic hen, esp at the time she begins to lay eggs
          n.  wheel or wheels with grooves for ropes or chains, used for lifting things
       produce buds, branches, or germinate; of plants ; become abundant; increase rapidly
       adj. of, in or affecting the lungs
            n.  soft fleshy inner part of fruit; flesh
          n.  raised and enclosed platform in a church, where a clergyman stands when he is preaching .
           adj. like or containing a lot of pulp(1c)
         v.  expand and contract rhythmically; throb
       [ pulsate: ] to expand and contract with a rhythmic beat; throb
           n.  regular beating of the arteries as blood is pumped through them by the heart, esp as felt at the wrist
       to reduce (as by crushing, beating, or grinding) to very small particles:ATOMIZE
            n. large brown American animal of the cat family
          v. strike (sb/sth) repeatedly, esp with the fist(s); beat
      n. severe beating
            n.  machine or device for forcing liquid, gas or air into, out of or through sth, eg water from a well, petrol from a storage tank, air into a tyre or oil through a pipe-line
         n. (plant that bears a) large round orange-coloured fruit with many seeds
             n. ~ humorous use of a word that has two meanings or of different words that sound the same, eg `She told the child to try not to be so trying'; play on words
           n.  grotesque humpbacked figure in a traditional puppet show called Punch and Judy
     adj. very careful to carry out one's duties, etc correctly; very attentive to details of behaviour or ceremony
        adj. happening or doing sth at the agreed or proper time
     n. being punctual
      adv: arrive, depart,etc punctually
       v.  put full stops, commas, colons, question marks, etc into
     n. punctuating
        n. small hole made by a sharp point, esp one made accidentally in a tyre
          n.  very learned Hindu
        n. quality or state of being pungent
         n.  having a sharp or strong taste or smell
          v.  ~ sb (for sth) (by/with sth) hurt, imprison, fine, etc sb for wrongdoing
      adj. ~ that can be punished (esp by law)
      n. punishing or being punished
        adj. intended as punishment
            adj. (usu derog ) small, weak and underdeveloped
           n. person, esp a child, who is taught in school or privately
        The state or period of being a student.
          n.  doll or small figure of an animal, etc, either a marionette that can be made to move by pulling wires or strings attached to its jointed limbs, or a glove puppet that fits one's hand so that one can move the head and arms with one's fingers
           n.  young dog
        dim-sighted; obtuse
        n.  (action of) buying sth
            adj. (in senses 1b
        a pedigreed animal of unmixed lineage; used especially of horses ; bred for many generation from member of a recognized breed or strain
          adv. merely or entirely
       n. purging or purification
       n, adj that causes the bowels to empty; strong(ly) laxative
       n.  (in Roman Catholic teaching) place or condition in which the souls of the dead are purified by suffering in preparation for Heaven
           v.  ~ sb ~ sth (away) make sb clean or pure by removing (evil, sin, etc)
    n. purifying
          v. ~ sth (of sth) make sth pure by removing dirty, harmful or foreign substances
          n. person who pays great attention to correctness, esp in the use of language or in the arts
     adj. very strict and severe in morals
   adv: puritanically opposed to pleasure
      n. practices and beliefs of a Puritan or a puritan
          n. state or quality of being pure
            n. stitch in knitting that produces ridges on the upper side
         a frequently visited place:HAUNT
        n. outlying parts; outskirts
         v. steal (sth)
          adj.  having the colour of red and blue mixed together
         n. ~ (fml ) general meaning or intention (of sth)
       adj. alleged; supposed; rumoured
         n.  thing that one intends to do, get, be, etc; intention
      adj. having or showing determinationor will-power; resolute
    adv: He strode purposefully into the meeting
  [ purposeful: ] having a definite purpose in view
       relating to, having, or indicating conscious intention
     [ purposive: ] relating to, having, or indicating conscious intention
   [ purposive: ] relating to, having, or indicating conscious intention
           n.  small bag for money
          v.  follow (sb/sth), esp in order to catch or kill; chase ,
         n.  ~ of sth action of pursuing (pursue
          v. ~ sth (fml ) provide or supply (esp food, etc) to sb as atrader
      the act of supplying something
        n. person or firm that supplies goods or services
         n. range of operation or activity; scope
            n.  act of pushing; shove
           adj. (also pushing) adj (infml derog , ) trying constantly to draw attention to oneself and gain an advantage; self-assertive
   adj. cowardly; timid ;
             v.  move (sth/sb), esp away from oneself, so that it/he is in the specified place or position
        adj. generally supposed to be; reputed
    n.  putrefying
         v. (cause sth to) rot or decay; become or make putrid
      adj. inthe process of rotting
          adj.  (esp of animal or vegetable matter) that has become rotten; decomposed
          n. attempt to overthrow a governmentby force; political revolution ;
          n. long narrow strip of cloth that is wound round the leg from the ankle to the knee for protection and support, esp as part of an army uniform ,
          n.  questionthat is difficult to understand or answer; mystery
         [ puzzle: ] to perplex or be perplexed
         n. person or thing that puzzles
        adj. a puzzling statement, affair, attitude
           n.  Pygmy member of a tribal group of very short people living in equatorial Africa
         n.  loose-fitting jacket and trousers worn for sleeping in, esp by men
           n.  tall steel framework used for carrying overhead high-voltage electric cables
         n.  structure with a flat square or triangular base and sloping sides that meet in a point at the top, esp one of those built of stone by the ancient Egyptians as tombs
       adj. having the shape of a pyramid
            n. large pile of wood, etc for burning a dead body as part of a funeral ceremony
       n. illness that causes an uncontrollable desire to start fires
      n. person who suffers from pyromania
     Pertaining to fireworks or their manufacture.
          n. large snake that crushes and kills its prey by twisting itself round it
             n. container in which bread that has been consecrated for Holy Communion is kept
           interj, n harsh sound made by a duck
        n. methods or practices of a quack
      n.  plane figurewith four sides, esp a square or rectangle
    adj. having four sides
        To divide into quarters.
   n, adj with four sides
       n. four-footed animal
       adj. consisting of four parts, individuals or groups
           v. drink (sth) by swallowing large amounts at a time, not taking small sips
        n. area of soft wet ground; bog or marsh
           n. small bird, similar to a partridge .
          adj. attractively odd or old-fashioned
           v.  shake
   n.  qualifying or becoming qualified
       adj.  having completed the relevant training or examination
         v. ~ (sb) (for/as sth) have or give (sb) the qualities, training, etc that are necessary or suitable (for sth)
     adj. of or concerned with quality
   adv.
         n.  degree of goodness or worth
           n. feeling of doubt, esp about whether what one is doing is right; misgiving
          [ qualm: ] a sudden feeling of sickness or nausea
        n. state of not being able to decide what to do; awkward or difficult situation
    adj.
        v. express or measure the quantity of (sth)
    adj. of or concerned with quantity
        n.  that which makes it possible to measure things through having number, size, weight, etc
         n. (fml ) amount that is required or desired
      n. isolation for people or animals that may carry an infectious disease, until it is known that there is no danger of the disease being passed on to others
         n.  ~ (about/over sth) angry argument or disagreement
     adj. likely to start a quarrel; quick-tempered ;
          n. animal or bird that is being hunted
           n.  measure of capacity for liquids, equal to
         n.  each of four equal or corresponding parts of sth
       adj. adv produced or occurring once every three months
         n.  four players or singers
          n. (abbrs  4to, qto) size of page made by folding a standard sheet of paper twice to form eight pages
          n. any of various types of hard mineral
           v.  reject (by legal procedure) as not valid; declare (sth) not to be enforceable by law
          v.  shake; tremble
         adj. shaking; tremulous
            n. landing-place, usu built of stone or iron, for loading and unloading ships
          adj. having a tendency to feel sick; feeling sick
           n.  female ruler of an independent state, usu inheriting the position by right of birth
           adj.  different from what is expected; strange, esp in an unpleasant way
           v. put an end to (sth); suppress
          v.  extinguish (fire, flames, etc), esp with water
        [ quench: ] to satisfy (one's thirst, desires, etc.); slake
       adj. complaining; irritable
           n.  question
           n.  ~ (for sth) act of seeking sth; search or pursuit
        n.  form of expression in speech or writing that requests an answer from sb
    adj. that can be doubted; not certainly true or advisable or honest
     proceeding from or characterized by a feeling of doubt or uncertainty
   n. writtenor printed list of questions to be answered by a number of people, esp to collect statistics or as part of a survey
           n.  line of people, vehicles, etc waiting for sth or to do sth
         n.  objection or criticism, esp atrivial one
           adj.  (capable of) moving fast or doing sth in a short time
         v.  become quicker
         n. thing that is made or done very quickly
         adv: speak, write, run, learn very quickly
     n. = mercury
    adj. able to think quickly; intelligent ;
      Quiet.
       adj. inactive; passive; quiet
           adj.  with little or no sound; not noisy or loud
         adv: This car engine runs very quietly. * She died quietly in her bed
        n. stillness; calm ;
         n. (fml ) release from life; extinction
           n.  (also `quill-feather) large feather from the wing or tail .
           n. thick covering for a bed, made of cloth padded with soft material
    n. the ~ of sth  essential part of (a theory, speech, condition, etc)
         n. five players or singers
      n. any of five children born to the same mother at one birth
            n. witty or sarcastic remark
           n.  habit or action that is peculiar to sb/sth
      [ quirk: ] an individual peculiarity of character; mannerism or foible
          [ quirk: ] an individual peculiarity of character; mannerism or foible
        n. traitor, esp one who helps an enemy occupying his country ,
            v.  go away from (a place); leave
           adv.  (used esp with adjs or advs that refer to a gradable quality ) to some extent; not very; fairly
         n. person who does not finish a task he has started, esp one that is done as a duty
          v. tremble slightly or vibrate
        adj. noble, unselfish or gallant in an extravagant or impractical way
            n. competition, esp on TV or radio, in which people try to answer questions to test their knowledge
       adj. in a questioning manner, esp when amused
     adv: She looked at me quizzically
          n. minimum number of people who must be present at a meeting (of a committee, etc) before it can proceed and its decisions, etc can be considered valid
           n.  fixed share that must be done or contributed or received
       n.  quoting or being quoted
           v.  ~ (from sb/sth) repeat in speech or writing (words previously said or written by another person)
       adj. everyday; commonplace
          n.  small burrowing animal of the hare family with long ears and a short furry tail
         adj. like a rabbit in appearance, smell or taste
          n.  disorderly crowd; mob ;
           adj.  suffering from rabies
          n. fatal virus disease causing madness in dogs, foxes and other animals, transmitted to humans usu by a bite ,
            n.  ~ ~ (between A and B) contest of speed between runners, horses, vehicles, etc to see which reaches a certain place first, or does sth first
          adj. characteristic of race3(1a); due to or resulting from race
        adv: a racially diverse community
        => racy
          n. hobby, sport or profession of competing in horse or vehicle races
          n. =racialism
          n, adj =racialist
            n.  framework, usu with bars or pegs, for holding things or for hanging things on
          n.  bat with a round or oval stringed frame, used for hitting the ball in tennis, badminton, etc  .
       n. personinvolved in or controlling a racket2(2)
         adj. noisy
       n. person who tells stories skilfully and wittily
            adj.  (of speech, writing, etc) lively or spirited; vivid
           n. system for detecting the presence, position or movement of solid objects within its range by sending out short radio waves which they reflect
          adj. of or arranged like rays or radii; having bars, lines, etc that radiate from a central point
        n. quality of being radiant(1
         adj.  sending out rays of light; shining brightly
         v.  send out rays of (light or heat)
       n.  (the sending out of) heat, energy, etc in the form of rays
        n.  apparatus for radiating heat into rooms, etc, esp a metal casing through which hot water or steam is circulated
         adj.  of or from the root or base; fundamental
      n. radical(3) ideas and principles
       adv: radically altered, improved, etc
           pl of radius
           n.  process of sending and receiving messages, etc by electromagnetic waves without a connecting wire
     adj. having atoms that break up and send out radiation which canpenetrate opaque bodies and sometimes produce harmfulelectrical effects
   n.
     a radioactive isotope of carbon, esp. carbon-14
          n. plant with a crisp hot-tasting root
          n. chemical element, a shining white radioactive metal used in the treatment of some diseases, eg cancer
          n.  (length of a) straight line from the centre of a circle or sphere to any point on its circumference or surface .
           That from or on which something is developed.
         adj. flashy or slightly disreputable; rakish
          n. lottery with an article as the prize
            n. flat floating structure of logs, barrels, etc tied together, used esp as a substitute for a boat
          n. any of the parallel sloping beams supporting the tiles, slates, etc of a roof
        adj. having rafters, esp ones that are exposed, eg because there is no ceiling
             n.  odd cloth, usu torn, frayed, etc
      n. person, esp a small boy, in dirty untidy clothes
            n.  (fit of) violent anger
          adj.  (of clothes) badly worn or in rags; tattered
         n. type of popular 19
            n. ~  sudden surprise attack and withdrawal by troops, ships or aircraft
            n.  level or sloping bar or connected series of bars of wood or metal, eg forming part of a fence, the top of a banister, a protective barrier, etc
        n. furthest point reached by a railway that is being built
        n. good-humoured mockery or ridicule
        n. railway . v (phr v) railroad sb into (doing) sth (infml ) force sb to do sth
         n.  track with rails (rail1
         n. clothing
            n.  condensed moisture of the atmosphere falling as separate drops; fall of these drops
         n. arch containing the colours of the spectrum, formed in the sky when the sun shines through rain or spray
        n. light waterproof or water-resistant coat
        n. total amount of rain falling within a given area in a given time
           adj.  (of a day, period, etc) on or in which much rain falls; (of sky, weather, etc) bringing much rain
           v.  lift or move (sth) to a higher level; cause to rise
          n. dried sweet grape, used in cakes, puddings, etc
            n.  long-handled tool with a row of prongs at the end for drawing together fallen leaves, smoothing soil, etc
          adj.  of or like a rake
           v. ~ (round/to sb/sth); ~ (round) (of people) come together, esp to make new efforts, eg after a defeat or when there is danger, need, etc
             n.  uncastrated male sheep .
          v.  walk for pleasure with no special destination
         n.  person who rambles
        adj.  extending in various directions irregularly
    adj. =rumbustious
    n. part of a complex structure; secondary consequence, esp one that complicates
          v. (fml ) (cause sth to) branch out in many directions; make or become a network
          Branch-like.
            n.  slope joining two levels of ground, a floor, a road, etc
         v. rush around wildly or violently
         adj.  flourishing excessively; unrestrained
         n.  defensive wall round a fort, etc consisting of a wide bank of earth with a path for walking along the top
      adj. almost collapsing
             pt of run1
           n. large farm, esp in the US or Canada, where cattle are bred; similar farm producing crops, fruit, chickens, etc
         n. person who owns, manages or works on a ranch
          adj.  tasting or smelling bad because of staleness
          bitter deep-seated ill will
       feeling bitterness, spitefulness
          adj. done, chosen, etc without method or conscious choice; haphazard
       to set up (a selection process, sample, etc.) in a deliberately random way in order to enhance the statistical validity of any results obtained
        adv: people randomly chosen, eg to carry out a survey
      [ random: ] lacking any definite plan or prearranged order; haphazard
           adj. (infml  esp Brit) sexually excited; lustful
           n.  connected line or row of mountains, hills, etc
          n.  (Brit) keeper of a royal park, estate, etc who enforces forest laws
            n.  position in a scale of responsibility, quality, social status, etc
          v. cause lasting bitterness or resentment
         v.  ~ sth search (a place) thoroughly
          n.  release of a captive in return for money, etc demanded by his captors
            v. ~ (derog )  speak loudly, violently or theatrically
             n.  quick sharp blow or knock
       adj.  greedy, esp for money; grasping
        n. greed; desire to rob and plunder ;
           adj.  moving or acting with great speed; fast
        n.
         adv.
          n. swift current in a river caused by a steep downward slope in the river bed
          n. act of seizing property by force; plundering
         n. ~ sympathetic and harmonious relationship
   n. ~ (with sb/between A and B) renewal of friendly relations, esp between countries
     n. rascal; rogue ;
            adj. ~ so intent or absorbed that one is unaware of other things; spellbound
       Seizing and devouring living prey.
         n.  intense delight
       adj. causing or expressing rapture
            adj.  not often happening or seen, etc; unusual
     rarefication
        adj.  less dense than is normal; thin
          v. (cause sth to) become thinner or less dense
          adv. not often; seldom
          adj.  ~ to do sth so eager or willing to do sth that restraint is difficult
          n.  rareness
          n.  dishonest person
            n.  patch of tiny red spots on the skin
        n.
            n.  coarse file with rows of sharp points on its surface
           adj. rough; grating
             n.  rodent that looks like, but is larger than, a mouse .
         n.  device consisting of a toothed wheel or bar with a catch that fits between the teeth allowing movement in one direction only
            n.  standard of reckoning obtained by expressing the quantity or amount of one thing in relation to another
          adv.  to a certain extent; fairly ; . (used before adjs and advs )
    n. ratifying or being ratified
          v. make (an agreement, a treaty, etc) officially valid, usu by signing it
          n. classification or ranking of sb/sth according to quality, etc
           n. relation between two amounts determined by the number of times one contains the other
   n. process of logical and methodical reasoning
          n.  fixed quantity, esp an official allowance of food, etc in times of shortage
        adj.  able to reason
       n. fundamental reason for or logical basis of sth
     n. practiceof testing all religious belief and knowledge by reason and logic
     adj. n person practising rationalism
   adj. of rationalism or rationalists
     n. quality of being rational; reasonableness ;
 [ rationalize: ] to justify (one's actions, esp. discreditable actions, or beliefs) with plausible reasons, esp. after the event
     to provide plausible but untrue reasons for conduct
          v.  make short sharp sounds quickly, one after the other; (cause sth to) shake while making such sounds
     n. poisonous American snake that makes a rattling noise with its tail when alarmed or threatened
        adj. fast or brisk
         adj. loud and hoarse; harsh-sounding
         adj. having or showing sexual desire; coarse or obscene
          v.  damage badly; destroy
            v.  ~ talk wildly or furiously as if in a fever or mad
           v.  ~ (sth) (up) (cause threads or fibres to) tangle and become knotted
           n. large bird like a crow with glossy black feathers and a hoarse cry
        adj. hungrily seeking prey or food
        adj.  very hungry
          n. deep narrow steep-sided valley between mountains
          v.  fill with delight; enchant
       adj. delightful or enchanting; lovely
      [ ravish: ] [often passive]  to give great delight to; enrapture
             adj.  uncooked
         n. untanned leather
             n.  narrow beam or line of light or other radiation, eg energy or heat
            to destroy to the ground:DEMOLISH
           n. instrument with a sharp blade, or with electrically-driven revolving cutters, used for shaving hair from the skin
          n. be/go (out) on the razzle (infml ) be/go out to celebrate and enjoy oneself; be/go on a spree ;
   razzmatazz
           v.  ~ for sth; ~ out stretch out (one's hand) in order to touch, grasp or take sth
       adj. that can be reached
           v.  ~ behave differently or change as a result of sth; respond
        n. substance taking part in a chemical reaction
        n.  ~ response to a situation, an act, an influence, etc
     n, adj opposing (esp political) progress or reform
      v. bring back into operation; make active again
        readily partaking in chemical reactions
    [ reactive: ] readily partaking in chemical reactions
         n.  apparatus for the controlled production of nuclear energy
            v. (used in the simple tenses or with can/be able , can/be able) (be able to) understand the meaning of (written or printed words or symbols)
        adj.  that can be read easily or enjoyably
          n.  person who reads, esp one who is fond of reading
         adv.  without hesitation; willingly
         n.  action of a person who reads
           adj.  ~ (for sth/to do sth) in a fit state for immediate use or action; fully prepared or completed
        v. state positively again; affirm again
         n. substance used to cause a chemical reaction, esp to detect another substance
            adj.  existing as a thing or occurring as a fact; not imagined or supposed
         v.  bring into a new or former arrangement; align again
         n.  attitudes and behaviour based on the acceptance of facts and the rejection of sentiment and illusion
         n.  writer, painter, etc whose work shows realism(
       adj.  showing realism(
         n.  quality of being real or of resembling an original
     [ realize: ] to become conscious or aware of (something)
         to become conscious or aware of (something)
          adv.  in reality; truly
           n.  kingdom
            n.  500 or 516 sheets of paper ,  480 ,  500  516
            v.  cut and gather as harvest
          n.  person who reaps
        v. appear again
    n.
            n.  the back part
       v.  place in a different way or order
          n. ~ (to do sth); ~ (why.../that...) (fact put forward as or serving as the) cause of, motive for or justification for sth
      adj.  (of people) ready to use or listen to reason; sensible
  n.
      adv.  in a reasonable way
       n. act or process of using one's reason1(
     n.  reassuring or being reassured
        v. ~ sb remove sb's fears or doubts; make sb confident again
      adj. that reassures
     serving or tending to repel
          n. amount by which a debt, tax, etc can be reduced; discount or partial refund
           n. person who fights against, or refuses to serve, the established government
       n. ~  open (esp armed) resistance to the established government; resistance to authority or control
      adj. showing a desire to rebel; not easily controlled
  n.
        verb  (archaic or literary)
         v.  ~ spring or bounce back after hitting sth
          n. unkind or contemptuous refusal or rejection (of an offer, request, friendly gesture, etc); snub
         v. build or put (sth) together again
          v. ~ sb express sharp or severe disapproval to sb, esp officially; reprove sb
           n. puzzle in which a word or phrase has to be guessed from pictures or diagrams representing the letters or syllables in it
           v. prove (a charge, piece of evidence, etc) to be false; refute  ;
        n.  act of rebutting or being rebutted
   n. quality of being recalcitrant
    adj. resisting authority or discipline; disobedient
          v.  ~ sb (from...) (to...) order sb to return (from a place)
          v. formally reject (a former opinion, belief, etc) as being wrong
     n.  recanting
    v. state again or summarize the main points of
       v.  capture again
          v.  ~ sth (as sth) put (sth written or spoken) into a new form
          v.  ~ (seem to) move back from a previous position or away from an observer
         n.  ~ (fml ) act of receiving or being received
      adj. (commerce ) (of bills, accounts, etc) for which money has not yet been received
         v.  ~ sth (from sb/sth) get, accept or take (sth sent, given, etc)
        n.  person who receives sth
          adj. not long ago or before
        adv. not long ago or before; lately
      n. container,space, etc for placing or storing sth
       n.  action of receiving or being received
       adj. ~ able or quick to receive new ideas, suggestions, etc
   [ receptive: ] able to apprehend quickly
     [ receptive: ] able to apprehend quickly
        (Physiol)  a sensory nerve ending that changes specific stimuli into nerve impulses
          n.  (US also vacation) period of time when work or business is stopped, esp in Parliament, the lawcourts, etc
       n.  temporary decline in economic activity or prosperity
    adj.  of a slowing of economic activity
       adj.  (of characteristics inherited from a parent, such as the colour of the eyes or of the hair) not appearing in a child but remaining hidden because of the presence of stronger characteristics ,
       adj.  (usuderog ) much too studied or refined; affected
      a tendency to relapse into a previous condition or mode of behavior;  especially :relapse into criminal behavior
      n. person who commitscrimes repeatedly and seems unable to be cured of criminal tendencies; persistent offender ;
          n.  ~ set of instructions for preparing a food dish, including the ingredients required
       n. ~ person who receives sth
      adj. given and received in return; mutual
    adv.
     v.  give and receive (sth) in return; exchange (sth) mutually ;
    [ reciprocate: ] to give or feel in return
   a mutual exchange
     n. principleor practice of mutual exchange, esp of making concessions or granting privileges, etc in return for concessions or privileges received
         n.  public performance of music, dance, etc by a soloist or a small group
      [ recital: ] a musical performance by a soloist or soloists
      n.  public delivery of passages of prose or poetry learnt by heart
          v.  ~ (to sb) say (a poem, passage, etc) aloud from memory, esp to an audience
            To have a care or thought for.
        adj. ~ (of people or their actions) not thinking of the consequences or of danger; rash or impulsive
    n.
          v.  ~ sb/sth among sth; ~ sb/sth as sth (not used in the continuous tenses ) be of the opinion or consider that sb/sth is as specified
       n.  calculation; estimation
         v.  ~ sth recover possession of sth
         v.  lean or lie back in a horizontal or near-horizontal position
         n. person who lives alone and avoids other people
       [ recluse: ] a person who lives in seclusion
     n.  recognizing or being recognized
    [ recognize: ] to perceive (a person, creature, or thing) to be the same as or belong to the same class as something previously seen or known; know again
    An acknowledgment entered into before a court with condition to do some particular act.
       To recall the identity of (a person or thing).
      [ recognize: ] to perceive (a person, creature, or thing) to be the same as or belong to the same class as something previously seen or known; know again
          v.  ~ ~ (at sth) draw oneself back in fear, disgust, etc
       v. succeed in calling back to the mind; remember
    n.  ability to recollect; action of recollecting
     produced by the combining of genetic material from more than one origin
       v.  ~ sb/sth (to sb) (for sth/as sth) praise sth as suitable for a purpose; praise sb as suitable for a post, etc; speak favourably of sb/sth ;
   adj. a highly recommendable film, restaurant, camping site
  n.  action of recommending
      v. ~ sb (fml ) reward sb (for his work, efforts, etc); compensate sb (for his losses, etc)
       to restore to composure or calmness
       to make consistent or congruous
      [ reconcile: ] [often passive; usually foll by to]  to make (oneself or another) no longer opposed; cause to acquiesce in something unpleasant
  n.  reconciling or being reconciled
       adj.  (of subjects) little known or understood; obscure
     v. repair and put it into good condition again; overhaul or restore
  n. exploration or a survey of an area, esp for military purposes
     To make a preliminary examination of for military, surveying, or geological purposes.
     v. explore or survey
      v. consider again, esp to change an earlier opinion,decision, etc
    v.  restore to its original state, eg by adding water
     v.  construct or build again, eg after damage ,
  n.  reconstructing or being reconstructed
          n.  ~ permanent account, esp in writing, of facts, events, etc
        n.  apparatus for recording sound or pictures, or both
   n. person holding a sports record
       n.  action of preserving sound or images on magnetic tape, etc
         v. ~ sth give a detailed account of sth; tell about sth
          v. ~ sb/oneself for sth get back give sb/oneself back (what has been spent, lost, etc)
        n.  possible source of help, eg in an emergency
         v.  ~ sth find again (sth stolen, lost, etc); regain possession of sth
     adj. that can be recovered
        n.  ~ recovering (recover 1) or being recovered
        n, adj (person who is) cowardly, unfaithful or treacherous
        To refresh after labor.
      n. refreshing or entertaining oneself after work; relaxation
    adj. of or for recreation
     v. ~ (fml ) accuse or blame (sb by whom one has been accused or blamed)
   n. accusation in response to an accusation from sb else; countercharge
   adj. of recrimination
   n. new outburst; recurrence
    Becoming raw or sore again.
         n. ~ (from sth)  person who has just joined the armed forces or police and is not yet trained
       n. four-sided geometricfigure with four right angles, esp one with unequal adjacent sides ; .
     adj. having the shape of a rectangle
   n.  rectifying or being rectified
         v.  put (sth) right; correct
       n. moral correctness or straightforwardness; honesty
       adj. (esp of a person) lying down; reclining
      v.  ~ (fml ) recover from illness, exhaustion or loss, etc
    n. recuperating
    adj. of or aiding recuperation
           v.  happen again; happen repeatedly
      n. recurring; repetition
       adj. recurring often or regularly
       [ recur: ] to happen again, esp. at regular intervals
        n. Roman Catholic who refused to attend Anglican services as required by law
         v. treat (used material) so that it can be used again
             adj.  of the colour of fresh blood or a similar colour
         adj. rather red
          v.  ~ sth (from sb/sth) buy back sth by paying the required sum; recover sth
      adj. that can be redeemed
      n.  redeeming or being redeemed
      adj. of redemption; serving to redeem
        v. = readdress
    v. giveout in a different way
  n.
       Smelling sweet and agreeable.
        adj. ~ of/with sth  smelling strongly of sth
     adj. to be feared and respected; formidable
         v. redound on sb/sth (fml ) come back on sb/sth; rebound or recoil on sb/sth
         v.  put right (a wrong); compensate for (sth)
          v.  ~ sth (to/by sb) make sth smaller in size, number, degree, price, etc
       adj. ~ that can be reduced
       n.  reducing or being reduced
       [ reduction: ] the act or process or an instance of reducing
      n.  state of being redundant(2)
       adj.  not needed; superfluous; unnecessary
            n.  (tall hollow stem of) any of various types of grass-like plants growing near water
       n. state of being reedy
           adj.  having many reeds (reed 1)
            n. part of the top or bottom of a sail that can be rolled or folded to reduce the area exposed to the wind
            n.  strong bad smell
            n.  cylinder, roller or similarly shaped object on which thread, wire, fishing line, photographic film, magnetic tape, etc is wound
       n. dining-hall in a monastery, convent, college, school, etc  ,
           v. (-rr-)  ~ to sb/sth mention or speak of sb/sth; allude to sb/sth
       adj. ~ that can be referred (refer 3) to sb/sth
         n.  (in football, boxing, etc) official who controls matches, prevents rules being broken, etc  .
       n.  ~ act of referring (refer 1a) to sb/sth
      n. referring of a political issue to a general vote by all the people of a country for a decision; vote thus taken
        the object or idea to which a word or phrase refers
          v.  remove impurities from (sth); purify
         adj.  cultured or elegant; free from what is coarse or vulgar
      n.  refining or being refined
        n. factory, etc where sth is refined
         to undergo or cause to undergo a process in which light, other electromagnetic radiation, sound, particles, etc., are thrown back after impinging on a surface
     reflection factor
      The throwing off or back of light, heat, sound, or any form of energy that travels in waves.
      adj.  thoughtful
    (Physics)  a measure of the ability of a surface to reflect radiation, equal to the reflectance of a layer of material sufficiently thick for the reflectance not to depend on the thickness
       n.  thing that reflects heat, light or sound
       = reflection
          v. become or make better by removing or putting right faults, errors, etc
        of or designating a Protestant Church, esp. the Calvinist as distinct from the Lutheran
        n. person who brings about or advocates reform
         v. bend where it enters eg water or glass at an oblique angle from a medium of different density
       [ refract: ] to cause to undergo refraction
      n. refracting or being refracted .
      adj.  difficult to control or discipline; wilful or unmanageable
         n.  lines of a song or poem which are repeated, esp at the end of each verse
         v. give new strength or vigour to (sb/sth); restore or revive
      adj.  giving new strength or vigour; restoring or reviving
     n.  refreshing or being refreshed
    n. cabinet or room in which food is kept cold
          n.  ~ (place giving) shelter or protection from danger, trouble, pursuit, etc
         n. person who has been forced to leave his country, home, etc and seek refuge, esp from political or religious persecution
      the quality of being bright and sending out rays of light
       adj. gloriously bright; shining ;
       v. make clean or bright again; redecorate
         n.  refusing or being refused
          n. waste or worthless material; rubbish
       adj. that can be refuted
      n.  refuting or being refuted
          v. prove to be wrong
          v.  get back again after losing it; recover
           adj. of, like or fit for a king or queen; royal
          v. ~ sb with sth amuse or entertain sb (with stories, jokes, etc)
        Royalty.
          v.  look steadily at (sb/sth) in the specified way
       prep with reference to (sb/sth); concerning
      adv. paying no attention to sb/sth
of    prep. paying no attention to (sb/sth);heedless of
         n. sporting event at which races are held between rowing-boats or yachts
      v.  give fresh strength or life to (sb/sth); restore
    spiritual rebirth
    adj. enjoy the regenerative powers of sea air
          n. person appointed to rule a country while the monarch is too young, old, ill, etc, or is absent
        n.  crime of killing a king
          n.  method or system of government
         n. set of rules about diet, exercise, etc aimed at improving sb's health and physical well-being
        n.  (artillery and armour) unit divided into batteries or squadrons
      adj. of a regiment
   the imposition of order or discipline
          n.  part of a surface or bodyor space with or without definite boundaries or characteristicfeatures
        n.  official list or record of names, items, attendances, etc
         Exercising royal authority in one's own right.
         v. ~ (fml ) return to an earlier or less advanced form or state
      n. regressing
      adj. regressing or tending to regress
          n. feeling of sadness at the loss of sb/sth; feeling of annoyance, disappointment or repentance
       adj. feeling or expressing regret
     adj. that is or should be regretted
         adj.  happening, coming or done repeatedly at times or places which are the same distance apart
      n. state of being regular
      to make regular; cause to conform
       adv.  at regular intervals or times
        v.  control or direct by means of rules and restrictions
       [ regulate: ] to adjust (the amount of heat, sound, etc., of something) as required; control
      n.  regulating or being regulated; control
     v.  bring (swallowed food) up into the mouth again
    v.  restore to a normal life by retraining, medical treatment, etc, esp after imprisonment or illness
  n. rehabilitating or being rehabilitated
  [ rehabilitate: ] to help (a person who has acquired a disability or addiction or who has just been released from prison) to readapt to society or a new job, as by vocational guidance, retraining, or therapy
          v. ~ sth (infml derog , ) put (ideas, material, etc) into a new form with no great change or improvement
       n.  rehearsing
        v.  practise(a play, piece of music, etc) for public performance
           n. rule of a king or queen
       v. ~ sth ~ sb (for sth) (usu fml ) pay back to sb (money that he has spent, lost, etc); refund sth
   n. repayment
            n.  long narrow strap fastened to the bit of a bridle and used to guide and control a horse
     incarnate anew ; having a new body
   n. belief that the soul enters a new (human or animal) body after death
       v.  make stronger by adding material, etc
   n.  reinforcing or being reinforced
       v. ~ sb restore sb to a previous (esp important) position
       v. say or do (sth) again or repeatedly
     n. reiterating or being reiterated
          v.  refuse to accept
       n. rejecting or being rejected
         v.  ~ (fml ) feel or show great joy ; rejoice over a victor
       n.  happiness; joy ;
          v.  join again; be reunited with
       n. what is said in reply; retort
      v. restore youthful appearance, strength, etc to
     [ rejuvenate: ] to give new youth, restored vitality, or youthful appearance to
    becoming young in nature or appearence
  A renewal of youth.
        v. light again
         v. ~ fall back into a previous condition or a worse state after making an improvement
          v.  ~ sth (fml ) give an account of (facts, experiences, etc); tell (a story, etc)
         adj. ~  connected or associated with sb/sth
        n.  ~ ~ (to sth) way in which one person or thing is related to another; similarity, contrast or connection between people, things or events
    n. ~ (of A to/with B) state of being connected
        adj.  ~ considered in relation or proportion to sb/sth else; comparative
      adv.  in relation or proportion to sb/sth else; comparatively
      n.  state of being relative
           v.  (make sth) become less tight, stiff, etc
      n.  relaxing or being relaxed
         adj. not feeling or showing worry, anxiety, tenseness, etc
           n.  fresh set of people or animals taking the place of others who have finished a period of work
         v.  ~ sb/sth (from sth) allow (a person or an animal) to go; set free or liberate sb/sth ;
        banish; consign to inferior position
      n.
          v.  decide to be less strict, determined or harsh
       [ relent: ] to change one's mind about some decided course, esp. a harsh one; become more mild or amenable
      adj.  not relenting; strict or harsh
    adv.
       the relation of something to the matter at hand
        adj. ~ (to sth/sb)connected with what is being discussed, what is happening,what is being done, etc
     n. state or quality of being reliable
        adj. consistently good inquality or performance, and so deserving trust; dependable
        adv: I am reliably informed that he's about to resign
        n. ~ on sb/sth confidence or trust in sb/sth; dependence on sb/sth
         adj. ~ on sb/sth having reliance on sb/sth; dependent on sb/sth ;
           n.  trace or feature surviving from a past age and serving to remind people of it
          an organism or species surviving as a remnant of an otherwise extinct flora or fauna in an environment much changed from that in which it originated ; geological feature that is a remnant of a pre-existing formation after other parts have disappeared
          n.  ~ lessening or removing of pain, distress, anxiety, etc
         v.  lessen or remove
        adj. feeling or showing relief
        n.  belief in the existence of a god or gods, who has/have created the universe and given man a spiritual nature which continues to exist after the death of the body
       adj.  of religion
      v.  give up or cease to practise, feel, etc (sth); abandon
  [ relinquish: ] to give up (a task, struggle, etc.); abandon
       n. containerfor a relic or relics of a holy person
          n.  ~ great enjoyment of food, etc; zest
        v. ~ (from...) (to...) move (sb/sth) to, or build (sth) in, another place
      Unwillingness.
       adj. ~ unwilling and therefore slow to co-operate, agree, etc
     [ reluctant: ] not eager; unwilling; disinclined
            v. (pt, pp relied)  ~ on/upon sb/sth (to do sth) count or depend on sb/sth
          v.  be left or still present after other parts have been removed or used or dealt with
       n.  remaining people, things or time; the rest
         n.  what is left after other parts have been removed or used or dealt with
          v. send back (from a lawcourt) into custody, esp while further evidence is being gathered
          v.  ~ on/upon sth/sb say or write by way of comment; observe
      adj. ~ worth noticing or unusual; exceptional
      adj. that can be remedied
        adj.  providing, or intended to provide, a remedy or cure
          n. ~  (fml ) treatment, medicine, etc that cures or relieves a disease or pain
        v.  have or keep (sth) in the memory; recall to one's memory
     n.  remembering or being remembered; memory
          v.  inform of a fact or tell (sb) to do sth he may have forgotten
        n.  thing which reminds sb of a fact or person
       v. ~ think or talk about past events and experiences, usu with enjoyment
    n.  recalling of past events and experiences; reminiscing ;
     adj.  ~ of sb/sth reminding one of or suggesting sb/sth
          adj. ~ (fml ) careless of one's duty; lax
       n.  pardoning or forgiveness of sins by God
           v. (fml )  refrain from inflicting (a punishment, etc)
      n.  remitting of money
       adj. becoming less severe at intervals
         n.  small remaining quantity or part or number of things or people
         to alter the structure of:REMAKE
    n. remonstrating; protest ;
     Having the character of a reproof.
     v. ~ with sb; ~ against sth make a protest or complaint about sb/sth
         n.  ~ sense of deep and bitter regret for having done sth wrong
      adj. filled with remorse(1)
          adj.  ~ (from sth) far away from other communities, houses, etc; isolated
      n.
         n.  removing or being removed
          v.  ~ sth/sb (from sth) take sth/sb away from one place to another
      v. ~ sb (fml ) pay or reward sb for work or services
    n. payment; reward ;
    adj. profitable
     n.  the Renaissance revival of art and literature in the 14th, 15th and 16th centuries, based on classical forms 14 15 16
           adj. of, in or near the kidneys
      (n.) a new life; rebirth
       adj. becoming active again; reviving
            v. (arch or fml )  tear (sth) apart forcibly; split
          v.  ~ sth (for sth); ~ sth (to sb) give sth in return or exchange, or as sth which is due
       n.  performing a piece of music or a dramatic role
      n.  ~ (with sb) (place chosen for a) meeting at an agreed time
       n. way in which a dramatic role or piece of music, etc is performed; rendering
        n.  person that deserts a cause, political party, religious group, etc
          v.  ~ (on sth) fail to keep a promise, one's word, etc
           v.  replace with sth new of the same kind
         n.  renewing or being renewed
           a proteolytic enzyme secreted by the kidneys, which plays an important part in the maintenance of blood pressure
        v.  agree to give up ownership or possession of (sth), esp formally
    n. = renunciation 1
        v. restore to good condition
       [ renovate: ] to restore (something) to good condition
      n.  renovating or being renovated
          n. fame or distinction
        adj. ~ famous; celebrated
            n.  regular payment made for the use of land, premises, a telephone, machinery, etc; sum paid in this way
     [ rent: ] a payment made periodically by a tenant to a landlord or owner for the occupation or use of land, buildings, or other property, such as a telephone
        adj. that can be rented or that yields a rent
          n.  amount of rent paid or received
    n.  (formal declaration of) giving sth/sb up; renouncing
      To change to a more satisfactory form of organization.
          pt, pp of repay
          v.  restore to good condition
       adj. (of a loss, etc) that can be made good ,
      n.  ~ (for sth) compensating for damage; making amends for loss
        n.  sharp clever retorts
          meal
      v. ~ sb send or bring sb back to his own country
           v.  ~ sth (to sb) pay (money) back; refund sth
       adj. that can or must be repaid
       n.  repaying
          v. withdraw officially; revoke ;
          v.  say or write (sth) again once or more than once; reiterate
      adj. that can berepeated
      [ repeated: ] adj. done, made, or said again and again; continual or incessant
           v.  drive (sb/sth) back or away; repulse
       adj.  ~ arousing distaste or disgust; repulsive
          v.  ~ (fml esp religion , ) feel regret or sorrow about (sth one has done or failed to do)
      n. ~ regret or sorrow for wrongdoing
       adj. ~ feeling or showing repentance
    n.  indirect effect or result of an event, etc; consequence
      n. all the plays, songs, pieces, etc which a company, actor, musician, etc knows and is prepared to perform
       n.  performance of various plays for short periods by one company
      n.  repeating or being repeated
      adj. characterized by or given to unnecessary repetition; boring
          v. ~ (fml ) feel or show discontent; fret
         v.  put back in its place
     adj. that can be replaced
     n.  replacing or being replaced
       v.  ~ sth fill sth again
         adj. ~ (fml )  well-fed or full; gorged
       n. state of being replete(1)
         n. exact copy, esp one made by an artist of one of his own pictures, etc
       v. be or make a copy of (sth); reproduce
           v. ~ (to sb/sth); ~ (with sth) say or make an answer, in speech or writing; respond
          v.  ~ (to sb/sth); ~ sth (to sb) give a spoken or written account of (sth heard, seen, done, studied, etc); describe
       n. reporting news for the media
        n. person who reports news for the media
     repor'torially adve
          v.  rest; lie
       adj. calm; quiet ;
      n.  place where things are stored or may be found, esp a warehouse or museum
       v. regain possessionof
       v. criticize or rebuke (sb or sb's behaviour)
   adjdeserving to be reprehended
    Expression of blame.
       v.  make an image of or show in a picture, sculptureor play; depict
  n.  act of representing or state of being represented
  adj.  ~ serving to show or portray a classor group
         v.  restrain or suppress (an impulse); check
       adj. suffering from suppression of the emotions
      n.  repressing or being repressed
      adj. tending to repress; harsh or severe
        v.  postpone or cancel a punishment for (sb), esp the death sentence
       v. ~ sb rebuke sb (for a fault, etc), esp officially
         v. print (a book, etc) again, with few or no changes ,
        n. returning an injury, esp political or military, done to oneself; retaliation
         recurrent action; musical repetition; repeat performance
        v. ~ sb/oneself (for sth) criticize sb/oneself, esp for failing to do sth
     adj. expressing reproach
       adj. n immoral or unprincipled (person)
     severe disapproval
       v.  make a copy of
    adj. that can be reproduced
    n.  reproducing or being reproduced
    adj. of or for reproduction of offspring
         n. (remark, etc expressing) blame or disapproval
         v. ~ sb (fml ) blame or rebuke sb; censure
         n. any of the class ofcold-blooded, egg-laying animals including lizards, tortoises,crocodiles, snakes, etc with relatively short legs or no legs at all ,
       adj. n reptile
        n. system of government in which supreme power is held not by a monarch but by the (elected representatives of the) people, with an elected President
      adj. of or like a republic; supporting the principles of a republic
       v.  refuse to have any more to do with (sb); disown ;
     n.
      n. ~ strong aversion or disgust
       adj. ~ (fml ) causing a feeling of strong opposition or dislike; abhorrent
         v.  drive back (an attacker or an attack) by fighting; repel ;
       n.  ~ feeling of loathing or aversion; disgust
       adj.  causing a feeling of loathing or aversion; disgusting
       adj. having a good reputation; respected or trustworthy
      n. ~ what is generally said or believed about the abilities, qualities, etc of sb/sth
          v. (idm ) be reputed as/to be sb/sth be generally said or considered to be sb/sth
         adj. generally said or considered to be sth/sb
         n.  ~ act of asking for sth in speech or writing, esp politely
         n. (also requiem `mass) special mass for the repose of the soul of a dead person
         v.  depend on (sb/sth) for success, fulfilment, etc; need
     n.  thing depended on or needed
       adj. required by circumstances or necessary for success
     n.  ~ (for sth) official, usu written, demand for (esp) the use of property or materials by an army in wartime or by certain people in an emergency
        n.  repayment
         v.  ~ sth (with sth) give sth in return for sth else; repay sth
         v. cancel or repeal (a law, contract, etc); annul
      abrogation; annulment
        a reply by a pope to an inquiry concerning a point of law or morality ; a legally binding command or decision entered on the court record (as if issued by a court or judge)
          v.  ~ sb/sth (from sth/sb) save or bring away sb/sth from danger, captivity, etc
        n. ~ (on sb) careful study or investigation, esp in order to discover new facts or information
    [ research: ] systematic investigation to establish facts or principles or to collect information on a subject
      n.
     n. ~ ~ (between A and B) (instance of) likeness or similarity
        to possess some similarity to; be like
          v. feel bitter, indignant or angry about
       adj. feeling or showing resentment
      n. resenting sb/sth
     n.  reserved seat or accommodation, etc; record of this
         v. ~ sth  put aside or keep sth for a later occasion or special use
        adj. slow to show feelings or express opinions
       n.  natural or artificial lake used as a source or store of water for a town, etc ,
        v. help (esp refugees) to settle again in a new country
       v.  interchange the posts or responsibilities of
          v.  ~ (in/at...) have one's home (in a certain place); live
       n.  house, esp a large or impressive one
       a variant of: residence
        n.  person who lives or has a home in a place, not a visitor
        adj. left over as a residue(1); remaining
         n. ~ (of sth)  what remains after a part or quantity is taken or used
          v.  ~ give up (one's job, position, etc)
     n.  ~ (instance of) resigning
        adj.  having or showing patient acceptance of sth unwelcome or unpleasant
      adv. in a resigned manner
      n.  quality of being springy
       adj.  springing back to its original form after being bent, stretched, crushed, etc; springy ,
           n.  sticky substance that oozes esp from fir and pine trees and is used in making varnish, medicine, etc
        adj. of or like resin
          v.  use force in order to prevent sth happening or being successful; oppose
      n.  ~ (action of) using force to oppose sth/sb
       adj. ~ offering resistance
       Having or exercising the power of resistance.
      Powerless.
        adj. ~ having or showing great determination or firmness
    n.
      n.  quality of being resolute or firm; determination
      adj. that can be solved or settled
         v. ~ on/upon/against sth/doing sth decide firmly; determine
       n. quality of being resonant
        adj.  continuing to echo; resounding
        v. produce or show resonance
          v.  ~ to sth make use of sth for help; adopt sth as an expedient
         v.  ~ (through/throughout sth) (of a sound, voice, etc) fill a place with sound; produce echoes
        n.  supply of raw materials, etc which bring a country, person, etc wealth
     adj. clever at finding ways of doing things
         n.  ~ admiration felt or shown for a person or thing that has good qualities or achievements; regard
  n. quality of being socially respectable; decency ;
     adj.  of acceptable social position; decent and proper in appearance or behaviour
     adv. in a respectable manner
       [ respect: ] an attitude of deference, admiration, or esteem; regard
       n. be no/not be any respecter of `persons treat everyone in the same way, without being influenced by their importance, wealth, etc
      adj. ~ ~ (of sth) feeling or showing respect
      adj. of or for or belonging to each as an individual
    adv. separately or in turn, in the order mentioned
     n.  (single act of) breathing air
     adj. of or for breathing air
         v.  breathe air
         n.  ~ interval of rest or relief
    brilliant radiant beauty
     adj. ~ (fml ) brilliant with colour or decorations; splendid
         v.  ~ (with sth) give a verbal or written answer
      n. defendant, esp in a divorce case
        n. ~  answer
  n.  ~ being responsible or accountable
     adj. ~ (for doing sth) legally or morally obliged, eg to take care of sb/sth or to carry out a duty, and liable to be blamed if one fails
     adv. in a rational or trustworthy way
      adj.  ~ responding warmly or favourably; sympathetic
  n.
            v.  ~ (from sth) be still or asleep; stop moving or working, esp in order to regain one's strength
         v. state again or in a different way
     n.
      n. public place where meals can be bought and eaten
     n. ~  (fml ) restoration of a thing to its proper owner or original state
         adj.  restless or uneasy
     n.
        adj.  constantly moving
    n.
     n.  ~ return of sth lost, etc to its owner
     adj. tending to restore health and strength
         v.  ~ sth (fml ) give back (sth lost, etc) to its owner
        [ restore: ] to return (something, esp. a work of art or building) to an original or former condition
        v. ~ sb/sthhold back sb/sth from movementor action; keep sb/sth under control or in check
      adj. keeping one's feelings, language or behaviour in check; controlled
       n.  restraining or being restrained
        v.  ~ sb/sth (to sth) put a limit on sb/sth
      adj.  having certain limitations
     n.  restricting or being restricted
     adj.  restricting
          n.  ~ (of sth) effect or outcome (of sth)
       adj. happening as a result or consequence
          v.  begin (sth) again or continue (sth) after stoppingfor a time
         [ resume: ] to begin again or go on with (something adjourned or interrupted)
      n. (instance of) resuming (resume 1)
         (rare)
      a rising again into life, activity, or prominence:RENASCENCE
       adj. rising or reviving after destruction, defeat, disappearance, etc
       v.  bring (sb) back to life again
    n.  the Resurrection the rising of Jesus from the tomb
     v. bring (sb/sth) back to consciousness
   coming back to consciousness
          n. selling of goods, which are usu not for resale, in small quantities to the general public
        n. tradesman who sells by retail
          v.  keep (sth) in one's possession or use
        n.  fee paid to sb in advance for services as and when one may need them
       v. ~ repay an injury, insult, etc with a similar one
     n. ~ ~ (for sth) retaliating
     adj. done or meant as retaliation
          v.  make (sth) slow or late
       a substance that reduces the rate of a chemical reaction
        adj. backward in physical or mental development
           v. make the sounds and movements of vomiting, esp involuntarily, but without bringing anything up from the stomach
          v. ~ sth (to sb) tell (a story, etc) again, in a different way or in a different language
       n. possession or use of sth
       adj.  having the ability to remember facts, impressions, etc ,
       reserve; uncommunicativeness; inclination to be silent
        adj. ~ not revealing one's thoughts or feelings easily; reserved
    n. net-like pattern or structure
         n. group of attendants accompanying an important person
          v.  ~ (from sth) give up one's regular work, esp because of age
         adj. having retired from work
      n.  retiring or being retired from work
        adj. avoiding society; shy
          to replace, re-equip, or rearrange the tools in (a factory, etc.)
          v. make a quick, witty or angry reply, esp to an accusation or challenge
         v. improve or alter by removing flaws or making minor changes
         v.  go back over or repeat exactly
         v.  withdraw (a statement, charge, etc)
  [ retract: ] vt. to draw in (a part or appendage)
     adj. that can be drawn in
      n. retracting
         v.  withdraw after being defeated or when faced with danger or difficulty
        v.  make economies or reduce expenses
     n. ~ (fml ) deserved punishment or compensation for injury, etc
     adj. happening or inflicted as retribution
     adj. that can be retrieved
       n. retrieving or being retrieved
        v.  ~ sth (esp fml ) get possession of sth again
     adj. effective from a past date
      adj.  going backwards
      v. ~ (fml )  go backwards
   n. return to a less advanced state; decline ;
      n. in retrospect looking back on a past event or situation
   adj.  looking back on the past
          v.  ~ (to...) (from...)come or go back to a place
         v. ~ (with sb/sth) (cause sb/sth to) come together again
          v. renew (sth), esp superficially; improve the appearance of
          v.  ~ sth make (facts, etc) known
       adj.  making known
           v.  (dated or joc ) make merry; celebrate noisily
      n.  making known sth that was secret or hidden; revealing
         n. noisy celebrations; revels
         n.  deliberate punishment or injury inflicted in return for what one has suffered
         n.  income, esp the total annual income of the State from taxes, etc
     adj. (fml )
     v. ~ echo or resound repeatedly
          v.  ~ sb/sth (for sth) (fml ) feel deep respect or (esp religious) veneration for sb/sth
       n.  ~ feeling of deep respect or (esp religious) veneration
        adj.  deserving to be treated with respect, esp because of age, etc ,
        adj. feeling or showing reverence
         n. idle and pleasant thoughts
        n.  making sth the opposite of what it was; turning around
         adj.  ~ contrary or opposite to what is expected
        [ reverse: ] to turn or set in an opposite direction, order, or position
       n.  reverting
          v.  ~ to sth return to (a former state or condition)
          n.  re-examinationor reconsideration
        n. person who writes reviews of books, etc
          v. criticize (sb/sth), in angry and abusive language ,
         Revision.
          v.  re-examine (sth), esp in order to correct or improve it
        n. ~ (for sth) revising or being revised
      restore strength ; give new life or vigor to
         n.  coming or bringing back to health, strength or consciousness; recovery
          v.  come or bring back to health, strength or consciousness
       capable of being revoked or annulled
      n. (instance of) revoking or being revoked
          v.  withdraw or cancel (a decree, permit, etc)
          v.  ~ rise in rebellion (against authority)
       adj. causing disgust or horror
      n.  overthrow of a system of government, esp by force
   adj.  of political revolution
         v.  ~ (on sth) (of a planet, etc) move in a circular orbit
           n. theatrical entertainment consisting of a mixture of dialogue, song and dance, esp of a topical and satirical nature
       n.  ~ feeling of disgust or horror
          n.  recompense for work, merit or services
       yielding or likely to yield a reward:VALUABLE, SATISFYING
      recite a rhapsody ; say (something) with great enthusiasm
        n.  (often in titles ) romantic composition in irregular form
        n.  using language impressively or persuasively, esp in public speaking
      adj.  of the art of rhetoric
     A showy writer or speaker.
      n. imitation diamond
      n.  large thick-skinned heavily-built animal of Africa and S Asia, with either one or two horns on its nose
         n.  fleshy reddish leaf-stalks that are cooked and eaten like fruit
           n.  sameness of sound between words or syllables, esp the endings of lines of verse, as in day, away; visit, is it; puff, rough , dayaway visitis it puffrough
          n.  pattern produced by emphasis and duration of notes in music or by stressed and unstressed syllables in words
        / 5rITmIkl; `rITmIkl/ adj having rhythm
             n.  any one of the 12 pairs of curved bones extending from the backbone round the chest in humans
          adj. humorous in a vulgar, obscene or disrespectful way
        n. ribald language or behaviour
          n.  silk, nylon, etc woven in a narrow strip and used for tying sth or for ornament
            n.  type of grass grown on wet land in hot countries, esp in E Asia, producing seeds that are cooked and used as food
            adj. (in meanings 1, 3 and 4 the opposite of poor 1 3 4poor)  having much money or property; wealthy
         adj. weak or shaky, esp in the joints; likely to fall or collapse
             v.  ~ sb/sth of sb/sth make sb/sth free from (sb/sth unpleasant or unwanted)
        n. good riddance (to sb/sth) (said to express relief, etc at being free of an unwanted or unpleasant person or thing )
          pp of ride
          n.  puzzling question, statement or description, esp one intended to test the cleverness of those wishing to solve it
            n.  (period of) being carried on or in sth, esp as a passenger
           n.  person who rides a horse, bicycle, etc
           n.  raised line where two sloping surfaces meet; narrow raised strip
        n. making sb/sth appear foolish or absurd; scorn
      adj.  deserving to be laughed at; absurd
          n.  sport or pastime of going about on a horse
            adj. (esp of bad things) widespread; common
          v.  shuffle by holding part of the pack in each hand and releasing cards alternately so that they form one pack again
        People regarded as disreputable or worthless
           n. type of gun with a long barrel which has spiral grooves inside, usu fired from the shoulder
         n. these grooves
            n.  split, crack, break, etc
             v.  ~ sth (with sth) fit (a ship or boat) with masts, spars, ropes, sails, etc
           adj.  morally good; required by law or duty
       adj.  doing what is morally right
   n.
        adj. just, proper or legal
           adj.  stiff; not bending or yielding
        n.
       n.  (unnecessarily) complicated procedure
           severity
        adj.  severe; strict
            v. annoy (sb); irritate
             n.  edge or border of sth that is circular
            n. frost
         adj. having lenses which have no frames round them
            n. hard outer skin or covering on some fruits and some types of cheese, bacon, etc
            n.  small circular band of precious metal, often set with a gem or gems, worn esp on the finger
         [ ring: ] a circular band usually of a precious metal, esp. gold, often set with gems and worn upon the finger as an adornment or as a token of engagement or marriage
         n. long curl of hair hanging down from sb's head
           v.  wash lightly
            n.  wild or violent disturbance by a crowd of people
         adj.  disorderly; unruly
             v.  divide or make a hole in (sth) by pulling sharply
        adj. of or inhabiting the banks of a river, lake, etc
            adj.  ready to be gathered and used, esp for eating
           v. become ripe
          n.  small wave or series of waves
            n.  upward movement or progress
         adj. fit to be laughed at; ridiculous
          n. armed rebellion; revolt
            n.  ~ (instance of the) possibility of meeting danger or suffering harm, loss, etc
           adj. full of danger; full of potential for failure, loss, etc
          adj. slightly indecent
            n. religious or some other solemn ceremony
          the prescribed or established form of a religious or other ceremony
           adj. (dated infml , ) luxurious; elegant ;
           n. ~ person or thing competing with another
         n. being rivals; competition
            to wrench open or tear apart or to pieces:REND
           adj. split; torn violently
           n.  large natural stream ofwater flowing in a channel
           n. metal pin or bolt for fastening twopieces of metal together, its headless end being hammered or pressed flat to prevent slipping
        adj. that holds the attention; enthralling
         n. small stream
            n.  way between places, esp one with a prepared surface for the use of motor vehicles
         the surface of a road
            v.  walk or travel without any definite aim or destination
            n, adj with a coat of mixed colour, esp brown with white or grey hairs in it
            n. long loud deep sound made by a lion
           v.  cook (meat, etc) in an oven, or over or in front of a fire
             v. ~ sb/sth (of sth) take property from (a person or place) illegally
          n. person who robs; thief ;
         n.  stealing; theft
            n.  long loose outer garment
           n.  machine that (resembles and) can perform the actionsof a person, operated automatically or by remote control
          adj.  vigorous; healthy and strong
            n.  (usu solid) part of the earth's crust
          n.  firework or similar device that shoots into the air when lit and then explodes
           adj.  of or like rock
          adj. of a style of decorationin furniture, architecture, music, etc with much elaboratedecoration, common in Europe in the 18th century  18
             n.  thin straight piece of wood or metal
            pt of ride2
          n. type of small animal that gnaws things with its strong front teeth, eg a rat, squirrel or beaver
           n. rounding up of cattle on a ranch, for branding, etc
             n. eggs in a female fish's ovary (hard roe) or a male fish's milt (soft roe)
           n.  dishonest or unprincipled man
         adj. mischievous in a playful way
            to stir up:DISTURB, DISORDER
         to engage in noisy revelry:CAROUSE
            n.  actor's part in a play
            n.  cylinder made by turning flexible material over and over on itself without folding it
          n.  cylinder used for flattening or spreading things
         to behave in a carefree, frolicsome, or boisterous manner
      adj. noisy and jolly
         having gentle rising and falling slopes; undulating
           adj.  of ancient or modern Rome
         adj. of those languages which are descended from Latin, eg French, Italian, Spanish ,
        adj.  appealing to the emotions by its imaginative, heroic or picturesque quality
            v.  play about together in a lively way, running, jumping, etc
           n. piece of music in which the main theme returns a number of times ()()
            n. crucifix, esp one erected on the middle of a rood-screen
            n.  structure covering or forming the top of a building, vehicle, etc
         n.  colony of rooks
          n. inexperienced newcomer to a team, an organization, etc
            n.  part of a building enclosed by walls or partitions, and with a floor and ceiling
           n.  place where birds perch or settle for sleep
         n. = cock 1
            n.  part of a plant that keeps it firmly in the soil and absorbs water and food from the soil
        adj. having no root or roots
            n.  thick cord or wire made by twisting finer cords or wires together
            pt of rise2
         adj. deep pink
          n. (esp in the army, etc) list of names showing duties to be performed and the times at which those named are to perform them
         n. raised platform from which public speeches are made
            adj.  of the colour of red roses; deep pink
             v. decay naturally through the action of bacteria, fungi, etc
          adj. (of motion) moving round a central point; circular
          v.  move in circles round a central point
        n.  rotating or being rotated
            n. by `rote by heart; from memory, without thinking of the meaning
          adj.  decayed; having gone bad
          adj. (of a person) rounded; plump; fat
         n. type of round building or hall, esp one with a domed roof
       n. state of being rotund
            n. dissolute or lecherous man, esp an elderly one
           n.  reddish cosmetic for colouring the cheeks
           adj.  having an uneven or irregular surface; not level or smooth
         v. become rough
         adv.  in a rough manner
       n. quality or state of being rough
           adj.  shaped like a circle or a ball
      adj. not using the shortest or most direct route, form of words, etc
           v.  ~ sb (from/out of sth) cause sb to wake
         adj. vigorous; giving encouragement
            n.  utter defeat
           n. way taken or planned to get from one place to another
         n.  fixed and regular way of doing things
            v.  (esp rhet ) wander without intending to reach a particular destination; roam
             n.  number of people or things arranged in a line
           adj. (derog ) noisy; disorderly
           n. person who rows a rowing-boat
           adj.  of a king or queen
         adv. in a splendid manner
         n.  royal person or people
             v.  ~ (sth) (with sth) (cause sth to) press against (a surface) with a to-and-fro sliding movement
          n.  tough elastic substance made from the milky juice of certain tropical plants, or synthetically
         adj. like rubber in consistency or texture
         n.  waste or worthless material
        adj. worthless
          n. bits of broken stone, rock or bricks
        adj. (of a person's complexion) red; ruddy
          n. words put as a heading, esp to show or explain how sth should be done, etc
            n.  type of red jewel
            n.  (Brit) (in Rugby football) loose scrum with the ball on the ground
        n. bag strapped to the back from the shoulders, used by hikers, climbers, etc  .
          n. (infml  esp US) noisy disturbance; uproar
          n. broad flat piece of wood or metal hinged vertically at the stern of a boat or ship, used for steering .
           adj.  (approv ) (of a person's face) having a fresh healthy colour
            adj.  (of a person or his behaviour) showing no respect or consideration; impolite
          adv.  impolitely
        n.
        n.  rudiments ~s basic or elementary principles (of a subject)
     adj.  existing in an imperfect or undeveloped form
       [ rudiment: ] [often pl]  the first principles or elementary stages of a subject
             n. type of evergreen shrub with bitter leaves formerly used in medicine
          adj. showing or feeling good-humoured regret
            n.  ring of differently coloured or marked feathers or fur round the neck of a bird or animal
         n. violent lawless man
          v.  ~ sth disturb the smoothness or evenness of sth
             n.  thick floor-mat carpet
          adj.  rough; uneven; rocky
            n.  severe damage or destruction
         adj. bringing ruin
            n.  statement of what can, should or must be done in certain circumstances or when playing a game
           n.  person who rules or governs
          v. make a deep heavy continuous sound
        n, adj that chews the cud, eg a cow
        v.  ~ think deeply; meditate; ponder
      n.
      adj. inclined to meditate; thoughtful
         v. ~ (for sth); ~ (about/around) turn things over or disarrange them while searching for sth
           [ rumour: ] a  information, often a mixture of truth and untruth, passed around verbally
          n. information spread by being talked about but not certainly true
          v. make creased or untidy; crumple
         [ rumple: ] to make or become wrinkled, crumpled, ruffled, or dishevelled
        [ rumple: ] to make or become wrinkled, crumpled, ruffled, or dishevelled
          n. disturbance; noise; uproar
             v.  move at a speed faster than a walk, never having both or all the feet on the ground at the same time
        n.  act of running down (an industry, a company, etc); reduction of the size of an industry, etc
            n.  any of the letters in an ancient Germanic alphabet used by the Scandinavians and Anglo-Saxons for carving on wood or in stone
            n.  cross-piece forming a step in a ladder
           adj. of runes; written in or inscribed with runes
          n.  person or animal that runs; one taking part in a race
         n.  (instance of) breaking apart or bursting
           adj. of, in or suggesting the countryside
            n. deceitful way of doing sth or getting sth; trick
            v.  go or come with great speed
           adj. full of rushes
         adj. of Russia, its culture, its language or its people
            n.  reddish-brown coating formed on iron or steel by the action of water and air
          adj. typical of the country or country people
       v.  send (a student) away from university temporarily, as a punishment
       n. being typical of the country in appearance or character
          v.  make a dry light sound, esp by friction or rubbing together
         n. cattle or horse thief
        n.  sound made by sth that rustles
           adj.  affected with rust
             n.  deep track made by a wheel or wheels in soft ground; furrow
            Sorrow for another's misery.
        adj.  having or showing no pity or compassion; cruel
    n.
               abbr.  =  Saint
      adj.  given at intervals to academics for travel, study, etc
           a stout single-edged cavalry sword, having a curved blade
           n.  small Arctic mammal, valued for its dark fur
        n. damage done secretly to prevent an enemy, a competitor, etc succeeding, esp by destroying his weapons or equipment and spoiling his plans
        n. person who commits sabotage
           n.  heavy cavalry sword with a curved blade
             n. bag-like part of an animal or plant
       n. very sweet substance used as a substitute for sugar
      adj. very sweet; too sweet
      adj.  of a priest or priests
          n.  sealed plastic or paper pack containing a small amount of a product
            n.  any large bag of strong material used for storing and carrying eg cement, coal, flour, potatoes
         n. quantity held by a sack
       n.  ritual act in the Roman Catholic, Anglican and other Christian Churches through which those who take part believe they receive a special grace from God
          adj.  connected with or dedicated to God or a god; connected with religion
       n.  ~ offering of sth valuable, often a slaughtered animal, to a god
     adj. of or like a sacrifice
       n. treating a sacred thing or place with disrespect
    desecrating; profane
      adj. considered too important to be changed, argued about, etc
             adj.  showing or causing sorrow; unhappy
          v. become sad
          n. seat, often of leather, for a rider on a horse, donkey, etc or on a bicycle or motor cycle
          n. enjoyment of watching or inflicting cruelty
          person who practises sadism
        adj. of or showing sadism
           adv.  in a sad manner
         n.  being sad
          n.  hunting expedition or overland journey, esp in E or Central Africa
            adj. ~ (from sth/sb) protected from danger and harm; secure
       n. ~ thing that serves as a protection from harm, risk or danger
          [ safe: ] affording security or protection from harm
          n.  being safe; not being dangerous or in danger
         n. bright orange strands obtained from the flowers of the autumn crocus, used in cooking
             v.  sink or curve down in the middle under weight or pressure
            n.  long story of heroic deeds, esp of Icelandic or Norwegian heroes ,
       adj. showing wisdom and good judgement
        n. quality of being sagacious; wisdom and good judgement
            n. very wise man
         sahuaro
            pt, pp of say
            n.  (often in compounds ) sheet of canvas spread to catch the wind and drive a ship or boat along
          n.  member of a ship's crew, esp one below the rank of officer; seaman ;
           n.  (abbr  St, esp before the names of places, churches, etc  ) person who has been declared by the Christian Church to have deserved veneration through holy living, performing miracles, etc
         adj. of or like a saint; very holy or good
            n. for God's, goodness', Heaven's, pity's, etc sake (used as an interjection before or after a command or request, or to express irritation , )
          n, interj  Muslim greeting used in the East
       adj. (of speech, books, pictures, etc) treating sexual activity, nudity, etc in an obscene way; indecent; lewd   ,
        n. (fml )
           n.  (dish of) chopped, usu raw, vegetables such as lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, often seasoned with oil, vinegar, etc
        adj. receiving a salary; paid for by means of a salary
          n. fixed regular payment to employees doing other than manual or mechanical work
            n.  selling or being sold
      n. = shop-assistant (shop)
        `saleswoman, `saleslady, `salesperson ns person whose job it is to sell goods, eg in a shop or in people's homes
    n. skill in selling goods
        The condition of standing out distinctly.
         adj. most noticeable or important; main
      adj. (esp. of rock strata) containing or producing salt
          adj. containing salt; salty
        n. the high salinity of sea water
          n. liquid produced in the mouth that helps one chew and digest food; spittle ;
          adj. (of a person's skin or complexion) yellowish
           n.  sudden attack, esp by troops surrounded by the enemy
          n.  large fish with pinkish flesh, sometimes fished for with rod and line as a sport
      n. type of bacteria causing food poisoning
            n.  common white substance obtained from mines, present in sea water (from which it is obtained by evaporation), used esp for flavouring and preserving food; sodium chloride
           adj.  containing or tasting of salt
      adj. (esp of the climate) health-giving
        adj. having a good effect
      n.  greeting or respect
      The opening oration at the commencement in American colleges.
          n.  action performed to show honour, respect or welcome to sb
         n.  rescue of a damaged ship or its cargo; rescue of property from damage caused by fire, floods, etc
       n.  saving of a person's soul from sin and its consequences; state of being saved in this way
           n.  oily substance used on wounds, sores or burns
          n. tray on which letters, drinks, etc are placed for handing to people
           n.  firing of several guns at the same time, esp as a salute
            adj.  the ~ sb/sth (also sometimes preceded by this/that/these/those this/that/these/those) exactly the one (or ones) referred to or mentioned; not different; identical
          n.  one of a number of things, or part of a whole, that can be looked at to see what the rest is like; specimen
         n. piece of cloth embroidered to show skill in needlework and often displayed on a wall
        the process of selecting a random sample
      n. clinic where patients suffering or recovering from a long illness are treated
        v.  make (sb/sth) holy
   adj. showing that one feels morally better than other people
        n.  permission or approval for an action, a change, etc
        n. holiness; sacredness
       n. sacred place, eg a church, temple or mosque ,
         n.  holy place
            n.  very fine fragments of rock that has been worn down, found on beaches, in river-beds, deserts, etc
          n. type of open shoe consisting of a sole held on to the foot by straps or cords
        n. two or more slices of bread with meat, cheese, etc between
           consisting of, containing, or covered with sand
            adj.  having a healthy mind; not mad
            pt of sing
      adj.  with much bloodshed; bloody
        adj.  ~ (about sth/that...) hopeful; optimistic
     Consisting of blood.
        adj.  free from dirt or substances that may cause disease; hygienic
      n. systems thatprotect people's health, esp those that dispose efficiently of sewage
          n.  state of being sane; health of mind
            pt of sink1
             n.  liquid in a plant that carries food to all its parts
           Affecting the sense of taste.
        Deep wisdom or knowledge.
         adj. wise
         [ sap: ] a solution of mineral salts, sugars, etc., that circulates in a plant
         n. young tree
     Having the nature or quality of soap.
        n.  clear, bright blue jewel
         n. bitter, esp ironic, remarks intended to wound sb's feelings
       adj. of or using sarcasm
     n. stone coffin, esp one with carvings, etc, used in ancient times
         n.  young pilchard or a similar fish, usu tinned in oil or tomato sauce
        adj. expressing scorn, usu in a grimly humorous way; mocking
       adj. of (usu men's) clothes or a way of dressing
            n. long strip of cloth worn around the waist or over one shoulder as an ornament or as part of a uniform
             abbr.  = Saturday
         adj.  of or like Satan
         n. small leather or canvas bag, usu carried over the shoulders and used for carrying school books, etc
            satisfy to the full; cloy
       n.  natural body in space orbiting round a larger body, esp a planet
         v. provide (sb) with so much of sth that he wants no more
        to satisfy (as a need or desire) fully or to excess
         n. condition or feeling of being satiated
          adj. having the appearance or texture of satin
          n.  attacking foolish or wicked behaviour by making fun of it, often by using sarcasm and parody
         Resembling poetry, in which vice, incapacity ,or corruption is held up to ridicule.
       adj. containing or using satire
        To treat with sarcasm or derisive wit.
    n.  feeling of contentment felt when one has or achieves what one needs or desires
  adv. in a satisfactory manner
    adj. good enough for a purpose
         v.  give (sb) what he wants, demands or needs; make contented
        v.  ~ sth make sth very wet; soak sth
       adj.  very wet; soaked
      n. saturating or being saturated ; . adj carried out in such a way that the whole of an area is affected
        n. the seventh and last day of the week, next after Friday
          n. the planet sixth in order from the sun, large and with rings round it
      n. (rhet ) wild revelry
       adj. (of a person or his appearance) gloomy
           n.  god of the woods, half man and half goat
           n.  liquid or semi-liquid mixture served with food to add flavour
          n.  small shallow curved dish on which a cup stands
      n. chopped pickled cabbage
         v. walk in a leisurely way; stroll
         n.  mixture of minced meat and flavouring, etc in a thin tube-like casing (either cooked and eaten whole or served cold and in slices)
          adj. wild and fierce
        n. savage behaviour
         A flat grassland of tropical or subtropical regions.
        n. treeless grassy plain in tropical and subtropical regions
          n. person of great learning
            v.  ~ sb/sth make or keep sb/sth safe (from harm, loss, etc)
          adj. a saving `grace thing that makes up for the poor qualities in sb/sth
           enjoy; have a distinctive flavor, smell, or quality
          n.  herb of the mint family used in cooking
          n. taste or flavour
         adj.  having a salty or sharp flavour, not a sweet one
           n. common sense; understanding
             pt of see1
         n. tiny pieces of wood falling as powder from wood as it is sawn
             n.  ~ power to decide
          n. well-known phrase, proverb, etc; remark often made
            n.  dry crust formed over a wound or sore as it heals
        n. cover for the blade of a sword, dagger or bayonet; sheath  .
        adj.  (of animals, plants, etc) having a rough surface ,
            a great quantity
           n. ~s (US infml ) large numbers or amounts
        n.  frame made of long metal tubes put up next to a building so that builders, painters, etc can work on it, or to support a platform
     n. scaffold(1), eg poles and planks
           v.  burn with boiling liquid or steam
        adj. hot enough to scald
           n.  any of the thin overlapping plates of hard material covering the skin of many fish and reptiles
           n.  skin of the head excluding the face
         n. small light knife used by surgeons
           adj. covered with scale or scales; coming off in scales
           n. mischievous child
         v. run quickly and often playfully as children and some small animals do
            v.  Tn] look at every part of (sth) carefully; examine (sth) with great attention
         n.  (act, behaviour, etc that causes) public feelings of outrage or indignation
      adj.  disgraceful; shocking
           adj. hardly enough; not very much (used esp with the ns shown)
        adv: scantily dressed
          adj. small in size or amount; hardly large enough
       n. person who is blamed or punished for the wrongdoing of sb else
            n.  mark left on the skin by a wound, sore, etc
          adj.  not easily obtained and much less than is needed
        adv.  only just; hardly
        n. shortage
           v.  (also infml  scarify)frighten (sb)
          adj. ~ (of doing sth/to do sth) frightened
           n. piece of material worn for ornament or warmth round the neck or (by women) over the shoulders or hair
         v.  loosen the surface of (soil, etc) by using a tool or machine with prongs
         adj. n bright red
           n. steep slope; escarpment ;
          (rare)
        adj.  severe; harsh
         v.  move, usu quickly, in different directions
        v.  ~ (of an animal or a bird) search for decaying flesh as food; use decaying flesh for food
       n. animal, bird or person that scavenges
        n.  written outline of a film, play, etc with details of the scenes and plot
           n.  place of an actual or imagined event
         n.  general natural features of an area, eg mountains, valleys, rivers, forests
          adj.  having or showing beautiful natural scenery
           n.  characteristic smell of sth, esp a pleasant one
         = sceptre
         n.  person who doubts that a claim, statement, etc is true
       adj. ~ unwilling to believe sth; often doubting that claims, statements, etc are true
         n. staff or rod carried by a ruler as a sign of royal power, eg at a coronation ceremony ,
        n.  programme of work to be done or of planned events
       adj. in the form of a diagram or chart
      to form into or arrange in a scheme
          n.  ~ plan for doing or organizing sth
          n. strong disagreement, esp in a religious organization over doctrine, in which one group stops recognizing the authority of the other
      adj. of or causing schism . n. person who takes part in a schism
   n. mental illness that causes the sufferer to act irrationally, have delusions, withdraw from social relationships, etc
   adj.  of or suffering from schizophrenia
         n.  student who has been awarded money after a competitive exam, etc, to be used to finance his education
       adj.  showing the learning, care and attention typical of a scholar
     n.  grant of money to a scholar(1)
      adj.  of schools and education
          n.  institution for educating children
        n.  type of sailing-ship with two or more masts and sails set lengthways rather than from side to side
         n.  organized knowledge, esp when obtained by observation and testing of facts, about the physical world, natural laws and society; study leading to such knowledge
fiction  fiction often based on future or recent scientific discoveries, and dealing with imaginary worlds, space travel, or life on other planets
      adj.  of, used in or involved in science
       n. expert in or student of one or more of the natural or physical sciences
       n. not a scintilla of sth (fml ) not the slightest amount of sth
     v.  give off sparks; sparkle
   adj. brilliant and witty
           n.  young member of a family, esp a noble one ,
        a division or split in a group or unionschism
         a cutting implement consisting of two blades joined by a swivel pin that allows the cutting edges to be opened and closed
        n.  cutting instrument with two blades, pivoted in the middle, which cut as they come together
           v. I, Ipr] ~ speak contemptuously (about or to sb/sth); jeer or mock
           v. ~ sb express anger, criticism, etc, esp to a child; rebuke sb
           n.  deep shovel-like tool used for picking up and moving grain, flour, sugar, coal, etc    ,
         n.  light motor cycle, usu with small wheels, a low seat and a metal shield protecting the driver's legs .
           n.  ~ opportunity to do or achieve sth
          v.  burn or discolour (a surface) by dry heat
       adj. very hot
           n.  number of points, goals, etc made by a player or team in a game, or gained in a competition, etc
           n.  ~ strong contempt
        adj. showing or feeling scorn
        n. small creature of the spider group with lobster-like claws and a poisonous sting in its long jointed tail
          adj.  of Scottish people
whisky    type of whisky distilled in Scotland
       n. person who has no moral principles and no conscience; villain ;
           v.  ~ sth make the dirty surface of sth clean or bright by rubbing it with sth rough
         n.  whip for flogging people
           n.  person, ship or aircraft sent out to get information about the enemy's position, strength, etc
           n. bad-tempered or angry look on the face
         adj. (derog ) thin and bony
           v. (esp in commands and in the infinitive ) (sl ) go away quickly
        v.  climb or crawl quickly, usu over rough ground or with difficulty; clamber
       n. device for scrambling telephone conversations, etc
           n.  C] small, usu unwanted, piece; fragment
          v.  ~ sth (down/out/off) make (a surface, etc) clean, level or smooth by drawing a sharp tool or sth rough across it
        n. small bit produced by scraping
         adj.  made up of bits and pieces; not well organized; not complete
          [ scrap: ] a small piece of something larger; fragment
         v.  I, Ipr, Tn] make marks on or in (a surface) with a sharp tool, nails, claws, etc; make a shallow wound in (the skin) in this way
          v.  write or draw in an untidy, careless or unskilful way
          v.  ~ (out) (at sb); ~ (with sth) give a long piercing cry of fear, pain or excitement; cry (sth) in this way
           n. small loose stones, which slide when trodden on
         v.  I, Ipr, Ip, Tn, Tn.pr, Tn.p] ~ (out) (at sb) give a harsh high-pitched cry; call out (sth) in such a way
          n.  long speech or piece of writing
          n.  upright, fixed or movable, sometimes folding framework used for dividing a room, concealing sth, protecting sb from excessive heat, light, etc
           n.  metal pin with a slot or cross cut into its head, and a spiral groove around its shaft, that can be turned and forced into wood, metal, etc so as to fasten and hold things together
     n. tool with a handle and a blade that fits into a slot, etc in the head of a screw to turn it
        v.  write very fast or carelessly
          n.  person who made copies of writings before printing was invented
       n.  confused struggle or fight; tussle
          v. scrimp and save manage to live on very little money, esp so as to afford sth
          n.  text of a play, film, broadcast, talk, etc
      adj. of or based on the Bible
       n.  Scripture the Bible
          n.  roll of parchment or paper for writing on
         n. person who is miserly and mean-spirited
           n. underdeveloped trees or shrubs
         adj. (infml ) dirty and untidy
     adj. (esp of food) delicious
         n, v = crunch
         n.  feeling that prevents one from doing or allowing sth that one thinks may be wrong
      adj.  extremely careful and thorough; paying great attention to details
    adv: scrupulously exact, careful, honest, clean
       capable of being deciphered:COMPREHENSIBLE
      examine closely and critically
        n. careful and thorough examination
            v. (esp of ships, etc or clouds) move straight, fast and smoothly
           v.  mark or scrape (a surface) with one's shoes
         n. confused struggle between people who are close together
        n. boy or man who did simple tasks, eg washing-up, in a kitchen
          = sculpture v
        n. person who makes sculptures
       n.  art of making figures, objects, etc by carving wood or stone, shaping clay, making metal casts, etc
            n.  layer of froth on the surface of a boiling liquid; layer of dirt on a pond or other area of still water ;
          adj. of, like or containing scum(1)
      adj. abusive and insulting, esp in a crude or obscene way
          v. run with short quick steps
          n. disease of the blood caused by a lack of vitamin C in the diet
         to move with a clattering, scurrying sound
         v. run with short quick steps
          n. tool with a slightly curved blade on a long pole, sometimes with two handles, used for cutting long grass, corn, etc
             n.  (also seas ) the salt water that covers most of the earth's surface and encloses its continents and islands; any part of this, in contrast to areas of fresh water and dry land
       adj. n work or travel on the sea
            n. animal with flippers that lives near and in the sea and eats fish
            n.  line along which two edges, esp of cloth, are joined or sewn together
          n.  sailor, esp one in a navy below the rank of an officer .
        adj. without a seam(1a)
      rarely sempstress
           adj. unattractive andsordid
          n. meeting, esp of spiritualists, at which people try to talk with the spirits of the dead
         n. town with a harbour used by seagoing ships
            v.  scorch or burn (a surface)
          v.  ~ (for sb/sth); ~ through sth (for sth) empty the pockets, etc of (sb) and examine his body and clothes to see if anything is concealed there; look at, examine or go over (a thing or place) carefully in order to find sb/sth
         [ sear: ] to scorch or burn the surface of
        n. picture of a scene at sea
         adj. feeling sick or wanting to vomit as the result of the motion of a ship, etc
         n. land, place, town, etc by the sea, esp a holiday resort
          n.  part of the year distinguished according to its particular type of weather, esp one of the four traditional periods into which the year is divided, ie spring, summer, autumn and winter
      adj.  suitable for the time of year
        adj. happening during a particular season; varying with the seasons
        [ season: ] one of the four equal periods into which the year is divided by the equinoxes and solstices, resulting from the apparent movement of the sun north and south of the equator during the course of the earth's orbit around it.
       n. herb, spice, etc used to season food
            n.  thing made or used for sitting on, eg a chair, bench or box
       adj. producing an oily or greasy substance
          Cutting, especially into two parts.
       n. clippers used for pruning bushes, etc
          v. ~ (fml ) withdraw (from membership of an organization, state, etc)
       n. ~ (fml ) (instance of) seceding
         v. ~ sb/oneself (fml ) keep sb/oneself apart (from others)
        adj. (of a place) not visited or seen by many people
       n. secluding or being secluded
       tending to seclude
          det 1
       adj.  ~ coming after sth that is first or primary; of less importance, value, etc than what is primary
     adj. adv  previously owned by sb else
        adverb(ial)
     adj. of poor quality; not very good
         n.  keeping secrets; ability or tendency to keep secrets; state of being secret
          adj.  ~ kept or intended to be kept from the knowledge or view of others; not known by others
     adj. of secretaries
       n.  employee in an office, usu working for another person, dealing with letters, typing, filing, etc and making appointments and arrangements
         v.  (of an organ) produce (a substance, usu liquid) either as waste material or for use within the body
        a peptic hormone secreted by the mucosae of the duodenum and jejunum when food passes from the stomach
       n.  secreting (secrete 1) or being secreted
       adj. liking to keep things secret or to hide one's thoughts, feelings, etc
   n.
            n. group of people who share (esp religious) beliefs or opinions which differ from those of most people
       adj.  of a sect or sects
    n. tendency to split up into sects; tendency to be sectarian(2)
         n.  any of the parts into which sth may be or has been divided
          n.  part of a circle lying between two straight lines drawn from the centre to the circumference .
         adj.  not concerned with spiritual or religious affairs; worldly
          adj.  ~ not feeling worry, doubt, etc
      [ security: ] the state of being secure
        n.  freedom or protection from danger or worry
          adj. calm and dignified; composed
        n. drug or medicine that sedates
       adj.  done sitting down
        n.  matter that settles to the bottom of a liquid
   n. process of depositing sediment
        n. words or actions intended to make people rebel against the authority of the State
       adj. of, causing or spreading sedition
          v.  tempt to have sexual intercourse
       adj. tending to seduce, charm or tempt sb; attractive
        [ sedulous: ] sedulity 'sedulousness noun
        adj. showing much hard work, steady effort or care
             v. (not in the continuous tenses) become aware of (sb/sth) by using the eyes; perceive
            n.  part of a plant from which a new plant of the same kind can grow
        adj. having no seeds
        n. young plant newly grown from a seed
           adj.  shabby-looking; disreputable
          conj in view of the fact that; because
            v. ~ (after/for sth) look (for sth); try to find or obtain (sth)
            v. ~ (to be) sth; ~ like sth (not used in progressive tenses ) have or give the impression or appearance of being or doing sth; appear
       [ seeming: ] [prenominal]  apparent but not actual or genuine
          / adj (dated or fml ) proper and suitable by the standards of polite society
            pp of see1
            v. ~ through into sth/out (of sth) (of liquids) flow slowly and in small quantities through a substance
         n.  process of seeping
            A prophet.
          v.  bubble and froth as if boiling
         n.  (geometry ) part of a circle cut off by a line
       v. ~ sb/sth  put sb/sth in a place away from the rest; isolate
      [ segregate: ] to set or be set apart from others or from the main group
        A title of honor or respectful address, equivalent to sir.
           net for catching fish
         adj. of earthquakes
     n. instrument for detecting earthquakes and recording how strong they are and how long they last
           v.  take hold of (sth), suddenly and violently; grab
          adv. not often; rarely
          v. ~ sb/sth choose sb/sth, esp as being the best or most suitable
       n.  selecting or being selected
       adj.  using or based on selection
     adv.
   [ selective: ] of or characterized by selection
     n.  quality of being selective
        n.  person who selects
        n. non-metallic element whose power to conduct electric current increases as the light reaching it becomes more intense .
            n.  one's own nature, special qualities, etc; one's personality
  ,self-assertiveness ns
  n. = assurance1
    adj. = assured (assure)
  adj. having confidence in oneself, one's abilities, etc
    n. ability to control one's behaviour or not to show one's feelings
 adj. showing self-control
n. right of a nation, people, etc to decide what form of government it will have or whether it will be independent of another country or not
 n. controlling one's own desires, feelings, etc, usu so as to improve oneself
   adj. not trying to impress people; modest
    adj. clear without any need for proof, explanation, or further evidence; obvious
adj. without any need for explanation; clear
 n.
  adj. allowing oneself to do or have what one enjoys, instead of controlling one's desires, etc
   n. one's own interests or personal advantage
         adj. thinking first of one's own interests, needs, etc without concern for others; not sharing what one has with others; (of an action) done from selfish motives
        adj. thinking more of others' needs and welfare than of one's own; unselfish
    n.
 n. calmness; composure
    adj. relying on one's own abilities and efforts; independent
    n. feeling that one is behaving and thinking in ways that will not make one ashamed of oneself
 adj. having self-respect
  adj. showing in a smug way that one believes that what one does, thinks, etc is right
n.
  n. giving up or willingness to give up things that one wants, in order to help others or for a good purpose
 adj. ~ able to fulfil one's own needs, without help from others
    adj. winding itself automatically from the movements of the wearer's wrist
            v.  ~ (sth) (to sb) (at/for sth) give (goods, etc) to sb who becomes their owner after paying one money
          n.  person who sells
       n. (also sticky tape) (usu transparent) cellulose or plastic sticky tape
        adj. of the meaning of words; of semantics
       n. system of sending signals by holding the arms or two flags in certain positions to indicate letters of the alphabet
       n. ~ of sth appearance of being sth; likeness to sth
        n. either of the two divisions of the academic year
      Recurring at intervals of six months.
      n. half of a circle or of its circumference; thing arranged like this
    adj. having the shape of a semicircle
   Half-civilized.
   n. substance that conducts electricity in certain conditions, but not as well as metals
   Partially conscious.
         adj.  of seed or semen
         n. small group of students at a university, etc meeting to discuss or study a particular topic with a teacher
        n.  college for training priests or rabbis
          n.  upper house of the law-making assembly in some countries, eg France, the US and Australia
         n. member of the senate
            v. ~ sth/sb (to sb/sth) cause sth/sb to go or be taken without going oneself
      n. process of becoming old
       adj. becoming old
       a steward of the household of a medieval prince or nobleman who took charge of domestic arrangements, etc.
          adj. suffering from bodily or mental weakness because of old age
        n. state of being senile
          adj.  ~ older
       n.  feeling in one's body resulting from sth that happens or is done to it
     adj.  causing a sensation(2)
           n.  any of the five powers of the body by which a person, an animal, etc receives knowledge of things in the world around, ie sight, hearing, smell, taste and touch
       adj.  pointless; foolish
     n.  ability to receive and appreciate delicate impressions; sensitivity
        adj.  (approv ) having or showing good sense(3); reasonable
    [ sensible: ] having or showing good sense or judgment
        adv. in a sensibleway
       adj.  easily hurt or damaged
     n. ~ quality or degree of being sensitive
   [ sensitize: ] to make or become sensitive
       to make or become sensitive
          n. device that detects light, heat, humidity, etc
       The sensory apparatus.
         adj. of the senses or of sensation
         = adj of, suggesting, enjoying or giving physical (often sexual) pleasure
      n. love or enjoyment of physical pleasure
        adj. affecting, noticed by or giving pleasure to the senses
      adv: She swayed her hips sensuously as she danced
            pt, pp of send
        n.  largest unit of grammar, usu containing a subject, a verb, an object, etc and expressing a statement, question or command
     adj. expressing pompous moral judgements
       Capacity for sensation or sense-perception.
        adj. capable of perceiving or feeling things
       n.  tender feelings of pity, nostalgia, etc, which may be exaggerated or wrongly directed (contrasted esp with reason)
     adj.  of or concerning the emotions, rather than the reason
  the state or quality of being sentimentalism
  n. person who is sentimental(2b)
  n. quality of being too sentimental(2a)
  verb  to make sentimental or behave sentimentally
        n. sentry
          n. soldier posted outside a building, etc in order to watch or guard it
       adj. ~ that can be separated
        adj.  ~ forming a unit by itself; existing apart
       adj. ~ no longer living together as a married couple (but not necessarily divorced)
      adv. as separate people or things; not together
      n.  ~ separating; state of being separate
      A seceder.
          n. infection of (part of) the body by bacteria
       n. the ninth month of the year, next after August
      Recurring every seven years.
          adj. caused by or causing infection with harmful bacteria
       [ sepulchre: ] a burial vault, tomb, or grave
      adj.  of a tomb or of burial
       n.  tomb, esp one cut in rock or built of stone
      Ready to be led.
          n. ~  thing that happens after or as a result of an earlier event
         A secondary consequence or result
        n.  set of events, numbers, actions, etc with each following the one before continuously or in a particular order
         Following in the order of time.
      adj. following in order of time or place; forming a sequence ;
    adj. files of correspondence arranged sequentially
       v.  ~ sb/oneself (from sth) keep sb/oneself away or apart from other people; seclude
     v.  take temporary possession of (a debtor's property, funds, etc) until a debt has been paid or other claims met
         n. either of two types of large evergreen coniferous trees of California, the redwood or the giant sequoia ,
          n. (in the Bible) member of the highest order of angels
        adj.  like an angel in beauty or purity
            being dried and withered
        n. song or tune sung or played at night, esp by a lover outside the window of the woman he loves
     n. making pleasant and unexpected discoveries entirely by chance
          adj. calm and peaceful; tranquil
        the quality or state of being shining bright and steady
            n.  person forced by a landowner to work on the land in a feudal system
         n. social and economic system under which land was cultivated by serfs
        n.  non-commissioned army officer ranking above a corporal and below a warrant officer .
          adj.  of, in or forming a series
          n. number of things, events, etc of a similar kind, esp placed or occurring one after another
         adj.  solemn and thoughtful; not frivolous
       adv.  in a serious way
     n.  state of being serious
          n.  talk on a moral or religious subject, usu given by a clergyman from the pulpit during a religious service
         n. snake, esp a large one
      adj. twisting and curving like a snake
         notched or toothed on the edge;  specifically  having marginal teeth pointing forward or toward the apex
        adj. having notches on the edge like a saw; having a toothed edge
       n.  being serrated
         adj. (of rows of people or things) arranged close together in order
         n.  person who works in sb else's household for wages, and often for food and lodging
           v.  ~ (as sth) work for (sb), esp as a servant
         n.  ~ performing duties, eg in the armed forces, or working for a government, company, etc
  [ serviceable: ] capable of or ready for service; usable
     adj.  in usable condition
         adj.  too ready to obey others; lacking independence
       n. servile behaviour or attitude
       n. condition of being forced to work for others and having no freedom
         n.  meeting or series of meetings of a parliament, lawcourt, etc for discussing or deciding sth
             n.  ~ group of similar things that belong together in some way
         n.  way or place in which sth is fixed or fastened
          n. wooden seat for two or more people, with a high back and arms, the seat often being the lid of a chest ,
         adj. not changing or likely to change; stable
      n.  settling or being settled
         n. person who comes to live permanently in a new, developing country; colonist
           pron, det 7; one more than six 7,.
       pron, det 17; one more than sixteen 17.
     pron, det 17th; next after sixteenth 17. n one of seventeen equal parts of sth . For the uses of seventeen and seventeenth see the examples at five and fifth.  seventeen  seventeenth  five  fifth
         pron. det 7th; next after sixth 7. n. one of seven equal parts of sth
      pron, det 70th; next after sixty-ninth 70. n one of seventy equal parts of sth
         pron, det 70; one more than sixty-nine 70.
           v.  ~ sth (from sth) divide or break or separate sth by cutting
         indef det, indef pron more than three; some, but fewer than many ;  . (det)
       n. cutting or being cut; discontinuation
          adj.  ~ (on/with sb/sth) strict or harsh in attitude or treatment; imposing stern discipline
        adv. punish sb severely
        n.  quality of being severe
             v.  make stitches in cloth, etc with a needle and thread
          n. waste matter from human bodies, factories, towns, etc that flows away in sewers
           n.
            pp of sew
             n.  condition of being male or female; gender
         n. instrument used for measuring the altitude of the sun, eg in order to determine the position of one's ship ,
          n. group of six singers or players
          n. person who takes care of a church and its churchyard, rings the church bell, etc
        Multiplied by six.
        adv: I think you have been shabbily treated
          adj.  (of things) in poor condition through much use or being badly cared for
           n. roughly built shed, hut or house
         n.  either of a pair of metal rings linked by a chain, used for fastening a prisoner's wrists or ankles together
        [ shackle: ] [often pl]  a metal ring or fastening, usually part of a pair used to secure a person's wrists or ankles; fetter
           n.  ~ (place where there is) comparative darkness and often coolness caused by sth blocking direct light or heat, esp of the sun
         the graded areas of tone, lines, dots, etc., indicating light and dark in a painting or drawin
          n.  shade caused by an object blocking direct rays of light
         adj.  full of shadows or shade
           adj.  giving shade from sunlight; situated in the shade
           n.  long slender stem of an arrow or a spear
           v.  ~ sb/sth (about/around) (cause sb/sth to) move quickly and often jerkily from side to side or up and down
           n. type of soft rock that splits easily into thin flat pieces
           modal v.  (indicating future predictions)
         a light boat used for rowing in shallow water
         adj.  not deep
     n.
            v. pretend (sth); feign
         v. walk or run awkwardly, without raising one's feet properly
        n. scene of complete disorder; muddle; mess
           n.  painful feeling caused by wrong, dishonourable, improper or ridiculous behaviour
        adj. causing shame; disgraceful
       adj. having or showing no feeling of shame; immodest or impudent
     adv.
         n.  (type of) soapy liquid, cream, etc for washing the hair
      a remote or imaginary utopia
          n. poorly-built hut, shed or cabin; shack
           n.  outer form or appearance; outline of an area, a figure, etc
       adj. having no definite shape; not elegant in shape
           n. broken piece of pottery, glass, etc
           n.  ~ part or portion of a larger amount which is divided among several or many people, or to which several or many people contribute
     n. owner of shares in a business company
           n.  any of various types of sea-fish with a triangular fin on its back, some of which are large and dangerous to bathers
           adj.  having a fine edge or point; capable of cutting or piercing; not blunt
         v. become sharp
       n. device that sharpens
         adv.  in a sharp way
       n.
         v.  I, Tn] break suddenly and violently into small pieces
       [ shatter: ] to break or be broken into many small pieces
           v.  ~ sth cut (hair) off the face, etc with a razor; cut hair off the face, etc of (sb) in this way
          adj. shaved
         [ shave: ] [also intr]  to remove (the beard, hair, etc.) from (the face, head, or body) by scraping the skin with a razor
        n. thin pieces of wood shaved off, esp with a plane
           n. large piece of material worn round the shoulders or head of a woman, or wrapped round a baby ,
           n. bundle of stalks of corn, barley, etc tied together after reaping
           v. cut the wool off (a sheep) with shears
          n. large cutting instrument shaped like scissors, used for shearing sheep, cutting hedges, etc and usu operated with both hands
          n. close-fitting cover for the blade of a weapon or tool
         v.  put (sth) into a sheath
         pl of sheaf
            n. one-storey building used for storing things, sheltering animals, vehicles, etc or as a workshop
           n. gleaming brightness; shiny quality
           n.  grass-eating animal with a thick fleecy coat, kept in flocks for its flesh as food and for its wool
           adj.  complete; thorough; utter
           n.  large rectangular piece of cotton, linen, etc, usu used in pairs between which a person sleeps
           n.  flat rectangular piece of wood, metal, glass or other material fastened horizontally to a wall or in a cupboard, bookcase, etc for things to be placed on
           n.  hard outer covering of eggs, of nut-kernels, of some seeds and fruits, and of animals such as oysters, snails, crabs and tortoises
         n.  ~ condition of being protected, kept safe, etc, eg from rain, danger, attack; refuge
          v. put on a shelf or shelves
         pl of shelf
        n. person who takes care of sheep
         refreshing drink of weak sweet fruit-juice
         n.  chief officer of the Crown in counties and certain cities of England and Wales, with legal and ceremonial duties ,
      n. old slogan or principle that is no longer regarded by many as very important
          n.  piece of (usu metal or leather) armour formerly carried on the arm to protect the body when fighting
           v.  ~ (sth/sb/oneself) (from.../to...); ~ (sth/sb/oneself) (about/around) (cause sth/sb/oneself to) change or move from one position or direction to another
        [ shift: ] to move or cause to move from one place or position to another
       adj. lazy and unambitious; lacking the ability to find ways of getting things done
           (slang)
        n.  British coin worth twelve old pennies; one twentieth of a pound 1971
         v. shine with a soft light that seems to waver
          n. (infml ) noisy disturbance; brawl
           v.  give out or reflect light; be bright
         n. small rounded pebbles on the sea-shore
            n.  large vessel carrying people or goods by sea
     n.
    n. building ships
        n.  placing of goods on a ship; transport of goods by any means
       adj. in good order; tidy
       n. loss or destruction of a ship at sea by storm, collision, etc
      n. person employed in building or repairing ships
           v. avoid doing (work, one's duty, etc) through laziness, cowardice, etc
           n.  loose-fitting garment for the upper part of the body, made of cotton, linen, silk, etc, with long or short sleeves
          v. ~ tremble, esp from cold or fear
           n. great number of fish swimming together
           n.  violent blow or shake, caused eg by a collision or an explosion
            pt, pp of shoe v
          adj. of poor quality or badly made
            n.  outer covering for a person's foot, usu with a stiff sole and not reaching above the ankle
           pt, pp of shine
           pt of shake1
           v.  ~ (sth) (at sb/sth); ~ sth (from sth); ~ sth (off) fire (a gun or some other weapon); fire (a bullet, an arrow, etc) at sb/sth
            n.  building or room where goods or services are sold to the public
      n. person who owns or manages a shop, usu a small one ,
        v. steal goods from a shop while pretending to be a customer
      n.
        [ shop: ] a place, esp. a small building, for the retail sale of goods and services
      worn, faded, tarnished, etc., from being displayed in a shop or store
        stale from excessive use or familiarity
           n. land along the edge of the sea or of any large body of water
           pp of shear
           adj.  measuring little from one end to the other
        n. lack of sth needed; deficiency
     n. failure to be of a required standard; fault
         v. become shorter
      n. fat used to make pastry light and crumbly
       n. ~ deficit
       n. method of writing rapidly, using special quickly-written symbols
         adv.  in a short time; not long; soon
     adj.  designed for or applying to a limited period of time
            n.  ~ act of shooting a gun, etc; sound of this
          modal v  (indicating obligation )
        n.  part of the body where an arm, a foreleg or a wing is attached; part of the human body from this point to the neck
           n.  loud call or cry
           v.  push roughly
          n.  tool like a spade with curved edges, used for moving earth, snow, sand, etc
            n.  any type of public entertainment, eg a circus, a theatre performance, or a radio or TV programme
          n.  brief fall of rain, sleet or hail; sudden sprinkle of water
         adj. with frequent showers of rain
         adv: dress very showily
           pp of show2
       anything displayed or exhibited
           adj. (often derog ) attracting attention through being bright, colourful or exaggerated
          pt of shrink
           n.  strip or piece torn, cut or scraped from sth
           n.  small mouse-like animal that feeds on insects
          adj. having or showing good judgement and common sense; astute
          v. ~ with sth; ~ (out) utter a shrill scream
          adj.  (of sounds, voices, etc) high-pitched; piercing; sharp
          n.  small marine shellfish that is used for food, becoming pink when boiled .
          n.  any place that is regarded as holy because of its associations with a special person or event
          v.  (cause sth to) become smaller, esp because of moisture or heat or cold
       n. process of shrinking; amount by which sth shrinks
         v. ~ (sth) (up) (cause sth to) shrink and wrinkle from heat, cold or dryness
          n.  cloth or sheet in which a dead person is wrapped for burial
           n. plant with a woody stem, lower than a tree and often having smaller stems branching off near the ground
           v.  raise (one's shoulders) slightly to express doubt, indifference, ignorance, etc
        adj. having shrunk
           n.  outer covering of a nut, etc; shell; husk ;
         v. ~ (with sth) shiver violently with cold, fear, etc; tremble
         v.  walk without lifting the feet completely clear of the ground
            v. keep away from (sth/sb); avoid
           v.  move (a railway locomotive, wagons, etc) from one track to another
            v.  move (a door, lid, window, etc) into a position where it blocks an opening
         n.  movable panel or screen that can be closed over a window to keep out light or thieves
         n.  (in a loom) instrument that pulls the thread of weft between the threads of warp
             adj.  (of people) timid and nervous in the presence of others; reserved
         n. unscrupulous and dishonest person, esp a lawyer
       A hissing sound.
        adj. like or produced with a hissing sound
        To give a hissing sound to, as in pronouncing the letter s.
         n. any one of two or more people with the same parents; brother or sister
           n. any of a group of women in the ancient world thought to be able to foresee the future
       adj. spoken by or characteristic of a sibyl; mysteriously prophetic
             adv. (placed in brackets after a quoted word or phrase that seems to be or is incorrect, in order to show that it is quoted accurately , )
            adj.  physically or mentally unwell; ill
          n. short-handled tool with a curved blade for cutting grass, corn, etc
        n.  illness; ill health
            n.  any of the flat or nearly flat surfaces of a solid object
        adj. , adv to or from the side; sideways
        adj. of the stars or measured by them
        a small show or entertainment offered in conjunction with a larger attraction, as at a circus or fair
        step to one side
       to distract or be distracted from a main subject or topic
        n. = pavement 1
        adv, adj  to, towards or from the side
           v. ~ up/over ~ along, past, away, etc move (in the specified direction) furtively, or as if shy or nervous
           n.  surrounding of a town, fortress, etc by armed forces in order to capture it or force it to surrender
           n.  utensil consisting of a wire mesh or gauze on a frame, used for separating solids or coarse matter from liquids or fine matter (which do pass through)
            v.  put (sth) through a sieve
          n. small utensil like a sieve, used chiefly in cooking
            v.  ~ take a long deep breath that can be heard, expressing sadness, tiredness, relief, etc
           n.  ability to see; vision
        verb (-sees, -seeing, -saw, -seen)  (informal)
     n. visiting the sights of a place as a tourist
       n. person who does this
            n.  mark, symbol, etc used to represent sth
          n.  sign, gesture, sound, etc that conveys a message, command, etc
       n. ~ person, country, etc that has signed an agreement
       n.  person's name written by himself
    n.  meaning
     adj.  having a meaning, esp one that is immediately obvious
   n. meaning of a word, etc
         v.  be a sign of (sth); mean
         n.  condition of being quiet or silent; absence of sound
          adj.  making no or little sound; not accompanied by any sound
      n.  dark outline of sb/sth seen against a light background
          n. compound of silicon occurring as quartz or flint, and in sandstone and other rocks
        n. any of the insoluble compounds of silica
       of, relating to, or containing silica
         n. non-metallic chemical element found combined with oxygen in quartz, sandstone, etc .
            n.  fine soft thread produced by silkworms to make their cocoons, or by certain insects or spiders
            n. piece of wood, or stone, etc forming the base of a window or a door
           adj.  not showing thought or understanding; foolish
            n. sand, mud, etc carried by flowing water and left at the mouth of a river, in a harbour, etc
           adj. covered with, full of or containing silt
          n.  chemical element, ashiny white precious metal used for ornaments, jewellery,coins, utensils, etc
     n. person who makes or sells silver articles
      n. articles made of silver
          adj. n (of or like a) monkey or ape
         adj. ~ resembling sb/sth but not the same; alike
      n.  being similar; likeness
       adv.  in a similar way
          n. comparison of one thing with another, eg `as brave as a lion', `a face like a mask'
      n.  being similar; similarity ;
          v. smile in a foolish, affected way
          adj.  easily done or understood; not causing difficulty
       n. person who is foolish, easily deceived or not very intelligent
      n.  being easy, plain or straightforward
  n. act or process of simplifying
        v. make (sth) easy to do or understand; make simple(1)
      adj. making difficult problems, issues, ideas, etcseem much simpler than they really are; over-simplifying
          adv.  in an easy way
        v.  pretend to have or feel
       adj. made to look, sound, etc like
      n.  action of simulating
    adj. ~ happening or done at the same time (as sth)
             n.  the breaking of a religious or moral law
           prep from (a specified time in the past) till a later past time, or till now
         adj.  not pretended; genuine
       adv. thank sb sincerely
       n. quality of being sincere; honesty
        n. position that requires no work or responsibility, but gives the holder prestige or money
           n.  tough cord of tissue joining a muscle to a bone; tendon ;
          adj.  having strong sinews; tough; muscular
            v. ~ (sth) (for/to sb) make musical sounds with the voice; utter (words or notes) with a tune
           v.  blacken (sth) by burning; scorch
          a person who sings, esp. one who earns a living by singing
          adj.  one only; not in a pair, group, etc
        adj.  of the form used when speaking about one person or thing
     n. strangeness
      adv.  (dated ) unusually; strangely
        adj.  suggesting evil, or that sth bad may happen
            v.  go down under the surface of a liquid or soft substance
        Also called (esp. Brit.): swallow hole  a depression in the ground surface, esp. in limestone, where a surface stream disappears underground
          n: saints and sinners
       n.  quality of being sinuous
         adj. having many curves and twists; winding
           n. cavity in a bone, esp any of the air-filled spaces in the skull that are connected to the nostrils ,
             v. drink (sth), taking very small quantities each time
             n.  (used as a polite way of addressing a man )
            n. male parent of an animal
           n.  device that makes a long loud sound as a signal or warning
         n. hot moist wind reaching Italy from Africa
          n.  daughter of the same parents as oneself or another person
      n.  relationship of sisters (1
             v.  be in a position in which the body is upright and resting on the buttocks, either on a seat or on the ground
            n.  place where a building, town, etc was, is, or will be situated
    n. = living-room (living2)
         v. place or locate (eg a building or town) in a certain position
        adj. in circumstances of a specified kind; placed
       n.  set of circumstances or state of affairs, esp at a certain time
             pron, det  6; one more than five 6.
         pron, det 16; one more than fifteen 16.
       pron, det 16th; next after fifteenth 16,  n one of sixteen equal parts of sth . six`teenth note (US) = semiquaver. For the uses of sixteen and sixteenth see the examples at five and fifth.  sixteen  sixteenth  five  fifth
           pron, det 6th; next after fifth 6,
        pron, det 60th; next after fifty-ninth 60. n one of sixty equal parts of sth
           pron, det 60; one more than fifty-nine *60.
            n.  the measurements or amount of sth; degree of largeness or smallness
          [ size: ] the dimensions, proportions, amount, or extent of something
         n. very hot day
           n.  (also `ice-skate) either of a pair of boots with steel blades fixed to the soles so that the wearer can glide smoothly over ice
           n.  length of wool, thread, etc wound into a loose coil
        n.  framework of bones supporting an animal or a human body
         = sceptic
       Doubtful; unbelieving.
      The entertainment of doubt concerning something.
          n.  rough quickly-made drawing, without many details
       adv: The book treats the problem too sketchily
         adj. (often derog ) lacking thoroughness and detail; incomplete; rough
            adj. not straight; twisted or slanting
          [ skew: ] placed in or turning into an oblique position or course
          n. pin of wood or metal with a point, pushed through meat to hold it together while cooking ,
             n. either of a pair of long narrow strips of wood, plastic, etc fixed to a person's boots so that he can glide smoothly over snow
           n. person who uses skis . skiing n activity or sport of moving on skis
           n. small light boat for rowing or sculling, usu by one person ,
           n.  ~ ability to do sth well
         adj.  ~ having skill; skilful
         n.  frying-pan .
        [ skilful: ] possessing or displaying accomplishment or skill
    [ skilful: ] possessing or displaying accomplishment or skill
            v.  remove cream, scum, etc from the surface of (a liquid)
           v. ~ use or provide less than enough of (what is needed)
        adv: a skimpily made dress
          adj. using or having less than enough of what is needed
            n.  elastic substance that forms the outer covering of the body of a person or an animal
       n. miser
            v.  move lightly and quickly, esp by taking two steps with each foot in turn
        n. fight between small groups of soldiers, ships, etc, esp one that is not planned
           n.  woman's garment that hangs from the waist
            n. ~ piece of humorous writing or short play that mimics or makes fun of sb/sth serious
        adj.  lively and playful; difficult to control
           v. ~ (Brit sl ) avoid work, esp by staying away or going away from where it is being done
     n. deception and planning of evil acts; trickery
           v. hide or move around as if one is ashamed or trying to hide, esp when one is planning sth bad
           n.  bony framework of the head under the skin
           n.  (also polecat) small bushy-tailed N American animal that can send out a strong unpleasant smell as a defence when attacked
             n.  (usu the sky when but a sky or skies [pl] when modified by an adj the sky, a skyskies) the space seen when one looks upwards from the earth, where clouds and the sun, moon and stars appear
        n. window in a roof or ceiling .
       another word for: rocket1 [1]
      n. very tall modern city building
            n. thick flat, often rectangular or square, piece of stone, wood or other solid substance
           adj.  not tight or tense; loose
         v.  become slack
         n. person who is lazy or avoids work
            n.  waste matter that remains after metal has been extracted from ore by smelting
           pp of slay
           v.  satisfy
            v.  ~ (sth) (to/shut) (cause sth to) shut forcefully and loudly
         n. false statement intended to damage sb's reputation
      adj. a slanderous attack, accusation
           n. very informal words, phrases, etc commonly used in speech, esp between people from the same social group or who work together, not considered suitable for formal contexts and often not in use for long
          adj. typical of or containing slang
           v.  lean in a particular direction; not be straight
            v. strike (sb/sth) with the palm of the hand or with sth flat; smack
        adj. adv in a careless and hasty way
           n.  type of blue-grey rock that splits easily into thin flat layers
        n. dirty untidy woman
       n.  the killing of animals, esp for food
           n.  person who is the property of another and is forced to work for him
          n.  person who buys and sells slaves
         n.  condition of being a slave
         adj. lacking in independence or originality
            v. (fml  or US) kill (esp an enemy) in a violent way
          sleazines
          adj. (infml ) (esp of a place) dirty and not respectable; sordid
            [ sledge: ] Also called: sleigh  a vehicle mounted on runners, drawn by horses or dogs, for transporting people or goods, esp. over snow
          n. vehicle with long narrow strips of wood, metal, etc instead of wheels, for travelling over ice and snow
    a large heavy hammer with a long handle used with both hands for heavy work such as forging iron, breaking rocks, etc.
           adj.  smooth and glossy
           n.  condition that occurs regularly in humans and animals, esp at night, in which the eyes are closed and the muscles, nervous system, etc are relaxed
         n.  person who sleeps in the specified way
          adj.  needing or ready to go to sleep
           n. falling snow or hail mixed with rain
          n.  part of a garment that covers all or part of the arm
      adj. without sleeves
          n. sledge, esp one drawn by a horse
         n. ,sleight of `hand great skill in using the hands in performing conjuring tricks, etc
         adj.  (approv ) not very wide but comparatively long or high
            pt of slay
           n.  thin wide flat piece cut off an item of food
           adj.  done smoothly and efficiently, apparently without effort
           n.  act of sliding
          adj.  not serious or important; small
        adv.  to a slightdegree
            adj.  (approv ) not fat or thick; slender
           n.  thick soft slippery liquid substance, esp mud
           adj.  of, like or covered with slime
           n.  bandage, tied over one shoulder or round the neck, used to support a broken arm, wrist, etc
           v.  move as if one feels guilty or ashamed, or does not want to be seen
            n.  act of slipping; false step
        n.  reduction in values, prices, etc  ,
         n. loose-fitting light soft shoe worn in the house
    n.
        adj.  (of a surface) difficult to hold, stand on or move on without slipping because it is smooth, wet, polished, etc
        adj. not done or not doing things carefully; careless
            n. long narrow cut, tear or opening
         v. slide or slip unsteadily
          n. long thin piece of sth cut or broken off from a larger piece; splinter
         v.  let saliva fall from the mouth; drool
            v.  hit (sth/sb) hard
          n. word or phrase that is easy to remember, used as a motto eg by a political party, or in advertising
           n. small ship with one mast and sails pointing forward and aft
           n.  slanting line; surface that is at an angle of less than 90 to the earth's surface or a flat surface
        adv. in a sloppy(1
          adj.  (infml ) (of a person) careless and untidy in dress, or in the wayhe does things
            n.  narrow opening through which sth can be put
           n. laziness; idleness ;
        adj. lazy; idle ;
          v. stand, sit or move in a lazy way, often not quite upright
          n.  swamp; marsh ;
          n. slovenlyperson
        adj. careless, untidy, dirty, etc in appearance, dress or habits
            adj.  not moving, acting or done quickly; taking a long time; not fast
          adv.  in a slow1(1) way
            = slew
        n. lazy slow-moving person
        adj. slow-moving; not alert or lively; lethargic
          n.  sliding gate or other device for controlling the flow of water out of or into a canal, lake, lock, etc
            n.  street, alley, etc of badly-built, over-crowded buildings
         v. sleep, esp peacefully and comfortably
       n. person who slumbers
      adj. sleepy
           v.  fall or flop heavily
           pt, pp of sling
           pt, pp of slink
            v.  run (sounds, words) into each other so that they are indistinct
           v. make a loud noise with the lips as one eats or drinks (sth)
             adj.  (often derog ) acting or done in a secret, often cunning and deceitful, way
           adv.
           adj.  not large in size, degree, number, value, etc
          adj. (Brit infml derog , ) trying to make oneself popular by flattery and charm
           adj.  bright and new-looking; well-dressed; neat
           v.  ~ sth ~ sth open (cause sth to) be broken violently into pieces
  adj. in which the thief smashes a shop window to steal the goods on display
        adj. excellent
         a smattering
      n. ~ slight knowledge, esp of a language
           v.  ~ sth on/over sth/sb; ~ sth/sb with sth spread a greasy or sticky substance, eg paint, on sth/sb
           n.  ability to smell
           v.  heat and melt in order to obtain the metal it contains
           n.  expression of the face, usu with the corners of the mouth turned up, showing happiness, amusement, pleasure, etc
          v. = besmirch
           n. silly or self-satisfied smile
           v. (fml or joc )  hit (sb/sth) hard; strike
     n. small pieces
         pp of smite
            n. mixture of fog and smoke
           n.  visible vapour coming from sth that is burning
       adj.  burning with little or no smoke
         = smoulder
          adj.  having an even surface without points, lumps, bumps, etc; not rough
        adv. in a smooth manner
      n.
           pt of smite
         v.  die from lack of air, or from not being able to breathe; suffocate
        v. burn slowly without flame
          n. dirty or blurred mark, oftencaused by rubbing
            adj. (usu derog ) too pleased with or proud of oneself, one's achievements, etc; self-satisfied
         v. ~ sth/sb ~ sth/sb in/out/across/through  get (goods) secretly and illegally into or out of a country, esp without paying customs duty
        n. person whosmuggles
       n. activity of smuggling
        n.
          adj.  marked with smuts (smut 1); dirty
           n. small meal, usu eaten in a hurry, esp between main meals
            n.  small difficulty or obstacle, usu hidden, unknown or unexpected
           n.  type of small soft slow-moving animal, usu with a hard spiral shell
           n.  any of various types of long legless crawling reptile, some of which are poisonous
           adj. of or like a snake
            v.  (cause sth to) break suddenly with a sharp noise
        adj. inclined to snap1(3); bad-tempered or irritable
          adj.  inclined to snap1(3); irritable
           n.  trap for catching small animals and birds, esp one with a noose made of rope or wire
           v.  ~ (of dogs, etc) show the teeth and growl angrily
         [ snarl: ] (of an animal) to growl viciously, baring the teeth
         n. person who speaks in an angry badtempered voice or animal which shows teeth and growl angrily
          v. seize (sth/sb) quickly and sometimes rudely; grab
          adj. (infml ) (esp of clothes) smart and stylish
           v.  ~ (to sb) (Brit infml derog , ) (used esp by children ) tell an adult about the faults, wrongdoings, etc of another child
        adj. secret and unexpressed
           v. ~ smile with the upper lip curled, to show contempt (for sb/sth); laugh scornfully
          n. sudden uncontrollable noisy outburst of air through the nose and mouth
         v. laugh in a suppressed, esp unpleasant, way; snigger
           adj. critical in an indirect unpleasant way; sneering
           v.  draw air in through the nose so that there is a sound
         n. half-suppressed unpleasantlaugh
            v.  ~ (at) sth cut sth sharply (esp with scissors or shears) in short quick strokes
           [ snip: ] to cut or clip with a small quick stroke or a succession of small quick strokes, esp. with scissors or shears
          v.  steal (sth) by taking it quickly
          v. (derog ) cry and sniff in a miserable, usu self-pitying, way
      adj. tending to whine and complain; weak
            n. person who pays too much respect to social position and wealth, or who despises people of a lower social position
        n. behaviour, language, etc characteristic of a snob
        adj. of or like a snob
    n.
           v.  ~ (about/around sth); ~ (about/around) search or investigate (eg to find mistakes, signs that people are breaking rules, etc) in a persistent and secretive way
          adj. (infml derog , ) showing disapproval and contempt towards others
           v. breathe roughly and noisily while sleeping
           n.  projecting nose and mouth of an animal
            n.  frozen water vapour that falls to the ground from the sky in soft white flakes; mass of such flakes on the ground, etc
       a bank of deep snow driven together by the win
       n. any one of the soft small collections of ice crystals that fall as snow
       n. heavy fall of snow, esp with a strong wind
           adj.  covered with snow
            v. treat (sb) coldly, rudely or with contempt, esp by paying no attention (to him)
         v. make sniffing noises
            adj.  sheltered from cold, wind, etc; warm and comfortable; cosy
         v. ~ ~ (up/down) lie or get close (to sb) for warmth, comfort or affection
              adv.  to such an extent
            v.  ~ (in sth) become thoroughly wet by being in liquid or by absorbing liquid
          adj.  completely wet
            n.  substance used for washing and cleaning, made of fat or oil combined with an alkali
            v.  go up high in the air quickly
             v.  draw in breath noisily and irregularly from sorrow, pain, etc, esp while crying
           adj.  with one's actions and thoughts not affected by alcohol
         adv: soberly dressed
        n. quality or state of being sober
       a humorous epithet, assumed name, or nickname
       adj. (used to suggest that the words used to describe sb/sth are not appropriate )
          n. = association football (association)
     n.
        adj. fond of the company of other people; friendly
          adj.  concerning the organization of and relations between people and communities
       n. political and economic theory advocating that a country's land, transport, natural resources and chief industries should be owned and controlled by the whole community or by the State, and that wealth should be equally distributed
       supporter of socialism
     adj. characterized by or supporting some of the features of socialism
       n. person who is prominent in fashionable society, attending many parties, etc
         n.  system whereby people live together in organized communities; social way of living
    adj. of or concerning sociology
     n. student of or expert in sociology
       n. scientific study of the nature and development of society andsocial behaviour
       nouc
            n.  short stocking covering the ankle and lower part of the leg, usu well below the knee
          n. natural or artificial hollow into which sth fits or in which sth turns
             n. layer of earth with grass growing in it
            n.  chemical substance in common use, a compound of sodium
          adj.  soaked through; very wet
          n. chemical element, asilver-white metal that comes naturally only in compounds.
            n. large comfortable padded seat with raised arms and back, wide enough for two or more people
            adj.  changing shape easily when pressed; not hard or firm to the touch
        game similar to baseball played on a smaller field with a larger soft ball
          v.  become soft or softer
        n. chemical substance used for softening hard water; device using this ;
         adj. rather soft
          adv. in a soft way
        n.
        n. data, programmes, etc not forming part of a computer but used when operating it
           adj.  very wet; heavy with water
            n.  upper layer of earth in which plants, trees, etc grow; ground
         v. stay (with sb) in a place for a time
             The sun.
          n. (thing that gives) comfort or relief (from pain, trouble, distress, etc)
           adj.  of, concerningor related to the sun
            pt, pp of sell
          n. soft mixture of metals used, when melted, for joining harder metals, wires, etc together
         n.  member of an army, esp one who is not an officer
       adj. like a soldier; with the qualities of a soldier
            n. flat sea-fish that is eaten as food
        n.  mistake in the use of language, esp one that shows sb to be foreign or of low social class ,
          adv. alone; only
          adj.  not happy or smiling; looking very serious
       n.  state or quality of being solemn; seriousness
         v.  ~ (for sth); ~ (sth) (from sb) (fml ) ask (sb) for (eg money, help, votes) earnestly; try to obtain (sth)
    [ solicit: ] to make a request, application, or entreaty to (a person for business, support, etc)?
       n.  lawyer who prepares legal documents (eg for the sale of land or buildings), advises clients on legal matters, and speaks for them in the lower courts
      adj. ~ (fml ) very concerned and anxious about (sb's welfare, comfort, etc)
  [ solicitous: ] showing consideration, concern, attention, etc.
      n. ~ (fml ) being solicitous; concern or anxiety
           adj.  not in the form of a liquid or gas; keeping its shape; firm
      n. unity and agreement resulting from shared interests, feelings, actions, sympathies, etc
        v. ~ (into sth) (cause sth to) become solid, hard or firm
        n. quality or state of being solid
       n. speaking one's thoughts aloud, esp in a play when a character does this without another character being present on stage
        adj.  (living) alone; without companions
        n. being alone without companions; solitary state
            n.  piece of music, dance, entertainment, etc performed by only one person
        n. either of the two times of the year at which the sun is furthest North or South of the equator
      (n.) that can be solved; that can be dissolved
         adj.  ~ that can be dissolved
        n.  ~ (action or way of finding an) answer to a problem, question, difficulty, etc
        adj. that can be solved or explained; soluble
           v.  find an answer to explain or make clear (a mystery, etc) ,
        n. being solvent
         adj.  having enough money to pay one's debts; not in debt
         pertaining to the body; physical
          of a dismal or depressing character:MELANCHOLY
          adj.  dark-coloured; dull and dismal
            indef det  (used with ns ) an unspecified amount of
        indef pron  some person
         indef adv  in some way; by some means
         indef pron = somebody
       indef pron  some thing
        indef adv at a particular but unspecified time
       indef adv at some times but not all the time; occasionally
        indef adv to some degree; rather
       indef adv in, at or to some place
    n. activity or habit of walking in one's sleep; sleep-walking ;
    n. person who does this; sleep-walker ;
     Tending to produce sleep.
      n. sleepiness; drowsiness ;
       adj.  almost asleep; sleepy; drowsy
             n.  male child of a parent
          n. piece of music composed for one instrument (eg the piano), or two (eg piano and violin), usu with three or four movements
            n.  poem set to music and intended to be sung
           adj. relating to sound, sound-waves or the speed of sound
          n. type of poem containing 14 lines, each of 10 syllables, and with a formal pattern of rhymes
        n. (fml )
        adj.  having a full deep sound
            adv.  not long after the present time or the time mentioned; within a short time
            n. black powder in the smoke of wood, coal, etc
          v.  make quiet or calm; calm or comfort
        [ soothe: ] vt. to make calm or tranquil
      n. fortune-teller; prophet
             n.  ~ thing offered to a displeased or troublesome person to calm him or win his favour
         n. (use of) such arguments
         n. person who uses clever but false arguments intended to deceive
       of or relating to sophists or sophistry
    n. sophisticated person
   adj.  having or showing much worldly experience and knowledge of fashionable life
  n. quality of being sophisticated
       n. use of sophisms
      conceited and overconfident of knowledge but poorly informed and immature
       n, adj causing sleep
         n.  singing voice of the highest range for a woman or boy
         n. art, use or practice of magic, esp with evil spirits; witchcraft ;
          adj.  (of conditions, places, etc) dirty and unpleasant; squalid
            adj.  (of a part of the body) hurting when touched or used; tender and painful; aching
          n.  ~ feeling of sadness or distress caused esp by loss, disappointment or regret; grief
       adj. feeling, showing or causing sorrow
     adv: weeping sorrowfully
           adj.  ~ feeling sadness or regret
            n.  group or class of people or things (which are alike in some way); type
          pt, pp of seek
            n.  spiritual or non-material part of a person, believed to exist after death
         adj. having, affecting or showing deep feeling
       adv: soulfully playing the guitar
           adj.  in good condition; not hurt, diseased, injured or damaged
         adv. in a sound manner; thoroughly and fully
            n.  liquid food made by cooking vegetables, meat, etc in water
            adj.  having a sharp taste (like that of vinegar, a lemon or unripe fruit)
          n.  starting-point of a river
        n. bad-tempered person
           v.  plunge (sb/sth) into or soak in water; throw water on or over ;
           n.  one of the four main points of the compass, on the right of a person facing the rising sun
       the point of the compass or the direction midway between south and east, 135 clockwise from north
        southern adj in or of the south
    adj. furthest south
       situated, directed, or moving towards the south
      southward
       the point of the compass or the direction midway between west and south, 225 clockwise from north
        n. thing taken, bought or received as a gift, and kept to remind one of a person, a place or an event
       adj.  (of power) without limit; highest
     n.  independent sovereign power
          n.  any of the councils of workers, etc in any part of the USSR (the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics)
             n. fully grown female pig .
           n.  unused or unfilled gap or area between two or more objects or points
      n. (also `spaceship) vehicle manned or unmanned for travelling in space
       n. = spacecraft
        adj. having or providing much space; roomy
           n.  tool for digging, with a wooden handle and a broad metal blade
        n. amount carried on a spade
            n.  distance or part between the supports of an arch or a bridge
         n. tiny piece of shining metal or plastic used for decoration on a dress, etc, esp in large numbers
         adj. of Spain; of the people of Spain or their language
           v.  slap with a flat hand, esp on the buttocks, as a punishment
        n. series of spanks; process of spanking
           adj.  in addition to what is usu needed or used; kept in reserve for use when needed
         adj. ~ with/of/in sth economical or frugal with sth; not wasteful of sth
           n.  tiny glowing particle thrown off from sth burning or produced when two hard substances (eg stone, metal, flint) are struck together
         v. ~  shine brightly with flashes of light
       adj.  giving off tiny bubbles of gas
        [ spar: ] a  any piece of nautical gear resembling a pole and used as a mast, boom, gaff, etc.
         n. type of small brownish-grey bird common in many parts of the world
          adj. not dense, thick or crowded; thinly scattered
        adv. a sparsely furnished room, ie one with little furniture
         adj. (of conditions) simple and harsh; without luxury or comforts
           n.  strong, sudden and uncontrollable tightening of a muscle or muscles
       adj.  occurring or done at irregular intervals (usu for short periods at a time); not continuous or regular
   adv: spasmodically energetic
            pt, pp of spit1
      a chicken or game bird split down the back and grilled
           n.  sudden fast rush
         adj. of, concerning or existing in space
         n.  tool with a wide flat blunt blade used for mixing and spreading, esp in cooking and painting
           n.  eggs of fish, shellfish and frogs, toads, etc
           v.  make use of words in an ordinary voice (not singing); utter words
         n.  person who makes speeches; person who speaks or was speaking
           n.  weapon with a metal point on a long handle, used for hunting and fighting
         adj.  of a particular or certain type; not common, usual or general
      n. person who is an expert in a special branch of work or study, esp of medicine
      n.  interest, activity, skill, etc to which a person gives particular attention or in which he specializes
  [ specialize: ] to train in or devote oneself to a particular area of study, occupation, or activity
      To pursue a special activity, occupation, or field of study
     [ specialize: ] to train in or devote oneself to a particular area of study, occupation, or activity
       adv.  for a particular purpose
       An employment limited to one particular line of work.
          n. money in the form of coins (contrasted with paper)
         n.  group of animals or plants within a genus(1) differing only in minor details from the others, and able to breed with each other but not with other groups
        adj.  detailed, precise and exact
    adv. in a specific manner
   n.  details and instructions describing the design, materials, etc of sth to be made or done
       [ specific: ] explicit, particular, or definite
         v. (esp fml ) state or name clearly and definitely (details, materials, etc)
        n.  thing or part of a thing taken as an example of its group or class
      a thing or person that is deceptively attractive or plausible
        adj. seeming rightor true but actually wrong or false
    n.
           n. very small spot or stain; tiny particle
         n. small mark or spot, esp one of many, often occurring as natural markings on a different coloured background
       n.  grand public display, procession, performance, etc
     adj. making a very fine display or show
       n. person who watches
      [ spectator: ] a person viewing anything; onlooker; observer
         Apparition.
        adj.  of or like a spectre(1)
         n.  ghost; phantom
        n. (usu sing )  image of a band of colours as seen in a rainbow (and usu described as red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet), formed by a ray of light that has passed through a prism
       v.  ~ form opinions without having definite or complete knowledge or evidence; guess
     n.  ~ (over/about/upon/on sth) action of speculating (speculate1)
     adj.  concerned with or formed by speculation
      n. person who speculates
          n.  power or act of speaking
      adj. unable to speak, esp because of strong feeling
           n.  quickness of movements; swiftness
       n. motor-boat designed to go at high speeds
   adj. speleological exploration
    n. scientist who studies caves; expert in speleology ;
      n.  scientific study and exploration of caves
           n.  words which when spoken are thought to have magical power; charm
       to cause to be spellbound; entrance or enthra
      adj. with the attention held by, or as if by, a magical spell; entranced
        n.  ability of a person to spell
       (n.) one who studies caves
           v. ~ sth (on/sth) give or pay out (money) for goods, services, etc
     n. person who spends money extravagantly and wastefully
           adj. having lost power or strength; used
        n. type of moss that grows in wet areas, used esp for packing plants
          n.  solid figure that is entirely round (ie with every point on the surface at an equal distance from the centre)
       adj. shaped like a sphere
        n. solid object that is almost, but not perfectly, spherical
     An instrument for measuring curvature or radii of spherical surfaces.
          n.  stone statue in Egypt with a lion's body and a man's or an animal's head
           n.  any of various types of substance obtained from plants, with a strong taste and/or smell, used, esp in powder form, for flavouring food
          n. any of several types of small creature with eight thin legs, many of which spin webs to trap insects as food
         adj.  having thin angular lines like a spider's legs
           n. long or fast prepared speech (usu intended to persuade sb or as an excuse)
           n.  hard thin pointed piece of metal, wood, etc; sharp point
           v. =>Usage at dream
            v.  ~ sth (round) make sth turn round and round rapidly
         adj. very long or tall and thin
           n.  row of bones along the back of humans and some animals; backbone
       adj.  having no spine(1); invertebrate
          n. old type of musical instrument with a keyboard, similar to a harpsichord
         n. small wood with thick undergrowth; thicket ;
         Having spines.
        n. (law or fml ) unmarried woman
    n. state of being a spinster
           adj. full of or covered with spines (spine 2); prickly
          adj. advancing or ascending in a continuous curve that winds round a central point
        adv: a spirally bound book, ie with its pages held together by wire bent spirally
           n. pointed structure in the form of a tall cone or pyramid, esp on a church tower
          n.  person's mind or feelings as distinct from his body; soul
        adj. full of spirit(6); lively; forceful
    [ spirited: ] displaying animation, vigour, or liveliness
       adj.  of the human spiritor soul; not of physical things
            v.  ~ sth (out) (at/on/onto sb/sth) send (liquid, saliva, food, etc) out from the mouth
           n.  desire to hurt, annoy or offend another person; ill will
        adj. showing or caused by spite; full of spite
          v.  ~ sth (about) (on/onto/over sb/sth); ~ sb/sth (with sth) cause (a liquid) to fly about in drops; make sb/sth wet in this way ;
         having irregular marks
          n.  organ of the body situated at the left of the stomach, which regulates the quality of the blood
       [ spleen: ] a spongy highly vascular organ situated near the stomach in man. It forms lymphocytes, produces antibodies, aids in destroying worn-out red blood cells, and filters bacteria and foreign particles from the blood
        adj.  magnificent; displaying splendour
        [ splendour: ] the state or quality of being splendid
       adj. habitually grumpy and irritable
          v.  join (two ends of rope) by weaving the strands of one into the strands of the other
          n. piece of wood, metal, etc strapped to an injured arm, leg, etc to keep it in the right position while it heals
        n. small thin sharp piece of wood, metal, glass, etc broken off a larger piece
           v.  ~ (sth/sb) (up) (into sth) (cause sth to) break or be broken (into two or more parts), esp from end to end
         n.  act of spending money freely
           v. =>Usage at dream2  dream2.  make (sth) useless, valueless or unsatisfactory; ruin
        n. spoiling of food, etc by decay ,
      (informal)
           n.  any of the bars or wire rods that connect the centre of a wheel to its outer edge (rim), eg on a bicycle .
          pp of speak
       n. (fem  spokeswoman , pl -women ) person who speaks, or is chosen to speak, on behalf of a group .
      n. activity of spoiling (spoil 1) or damaging, esp with force; pillaging or plundering , ;
          n.  type of simple sea animal with a light elastic body-structure full of holes that can absorb water easily
          adj. soft, elastic and able to absorb water like a sponge
         n.  person who makes himself responsible for another
     impulsiveness; absence of premeditation
     adj. done,happening, said, etc because of a voluntary impulse from within, not caused or suggested by sth/sb outside
           n.  ~ (of/on sth) humorous imitation or parody
           n.  = reel1 1
           n.  utensil with a shallow oval or round bowl on a handle, used for stirring, serving and taking up food (esp puddings and soups) to the mouth
      n. result of changing round, esp accidentally, the initial sounds of two or more words when speaking, eg well-boiled icicle for well-oiled bicycle  well-oiled bicycle  well-boiled icicle
           n. track or scent left by a wild animal
        adj. happening or seen only occasionally or in a few places; occurring irregularly
    adv.
           n. any of the tiny seed-like reproductive cells of some plants such as ferns, mosses and fungi
           n.  physical activity done, esp outdoors, for exercise and amusement, usu played in a special area and according to fixed rules
        adj. playful
       n. (fem  `sportswoman , pl -women )  person who takes part in or is fond of sport ;
   adj. behaving fairly and generously
   n. sportsmanlike quality or spirit
            n.  small mark different in colour, texture, etc from the surface it is on
          n. husband or wife
           n.  projecting pipe or tube through or from which liquid pours, eg for carrying rain-water from a roof or tea from a teapot
          v. injure by sudden twisting or wrenching so that there is pain and swelling
          pt of spring3
          v.  ~ (out/about/around) (across, in, on, etc sth) sit, lie or fall with the arms and legs spread out loosely
       [ sprawl: ] to sit or lie in an ungainly manner with one's limbs spread out
           n.  small branch of a tree or plant, with its leaves and flowers
          v.  ~ sth (out) (on/over sth) extend the surface area, width or length of sth by unfolding or unrolling it
           n. lively and enjoyable outing, usu with much spending of money
           n. ~ small twig (of a plant or bush) with leaves, etc
       adj. lively and full of energy
          n.  act of springing or jumping up; jump
     n.  strong flexible board from which a person can jump high before diving or performing a gymnastic feat
      n. season of spring
        v. ~ A ~ B (with A) scatter or throw sth in small drops or particles; scatter a shower of small drops, etc on (a surface)
       n. device for sprinkling water or as part of a fire-extinguishing system installed in a building
      n. ~ (usu sing ) small amount or number
          v. run a short distance at full speed
        n.  each of several teeth on a wheel that connect with the links of a chain or the holes in a film or in paper or magnetic tape
          v.  ~ (from sth) begin to grow or appear; put out leaves, shoots, etc
          adj. tidy and clean in appearance; smart ;
          pp of spring3
            adj. lively and active
           n. foam; froth
            pp of spin
           n.  courage; spirit ;
            n.  either of a pair of sharp-toothed wheels or projecting points, worn on the heels of a rider's boots and used to make a horse go faster
        adj. not genuine or authentic; false or fake
           v. reject or refuse scornfully or contemptuously
             n.  person who tries to get secretinformation about military affairs, etc, esp one employedby a government to do this in another country
        v. ~ (about/over sth) quarrel noisily (as children do), esp over unimportant matters
        n.  group of military aircraft forming a unit in the Royal Air Force
         adj.  very dirty and unpleasant (esp because of neglect or poverty)
          n.  sudden violent wind, often with rain or snow ,
         n. squalid state
        v. ~ sth waste (time, money, etc); use sth wastefully
          adj.  having four equal sides and four right angles; having the shape of a square2
        adv.  so as to form a right angle; directly centred
          v.  press or squeeze (sb/sth) flat or into a pulp; crush
           v.  ~ (down) (of people) sit on one's heels or on the ground with the knees drawn up under or close to the body; crouch
        n.  person who sits in a squatting position
          n.  short high-pitched cry or sound
       adj.  having a delicate stomach and easily made sick
         v.  press on (sth) from opposite sides or all sides
         v.  make a sucking sound as when feet are lifted from thick sticky mud
          v.  have eyes that do not move together but look in different directions at once
          v.  move by twisting the body about; wriggle; writhe
        n.  small tree-climbing animal with a bushy tail and red or grey fur
              abbr.  =  Saints
            v. pierce (sth) or wound (sb) with a pointed tool or weapon; push (a knife, etc) into sb/sth ;
       n. quality or state of being stable
   [ stabilize: ] to make or become stable or more stable
       to make stable, steadfast, or firm
          adj. firmly established or fixed; not likely to move or change
        adj. adv (to be played) with each successive note short, clear anddetached; not smooth(ly)
           n.  circular or rectangular pile of hay, straw, grain, etc, usu with a sloping top for storage in the open; rick
         n. enclosed area of land for games, athletic contests, etc, usu with seats for spectators
           n.  strong stick or pole used as a support when walking or climbing, as a weapon, or as a symbol of authority or sign of office
           n.  platform or area on which plays are performed to an audience
      a large four-wheeled horse-drawn vehicle formerly used to carry passengers, mail, etc., on a regular route between towns and citie
         v.  walk or move unsteadily as if about to fall
      adj. astonishing; shocking
        adj.  not flowing and therefore dirty and smelling unpleasant; still and stale
        v.  be or become stagnant
      The condition of not flowing or not changing.
           adj. (usu derog ) (too) theatrical in style, manner or behaviour; exaggerated for effect
           adj. (of people, their appearance, behaviour, tastes, etc) serious, dull and old-fashioned; conservative
           to mark or discolour with patches of something that dirties
       adj. free from stains or blemishes; spotless
           n.  stairs series of fixed steps from one floor of a building to another, usu inside
       n. set of stairs and its supporting structure, inside a building
        n. = staircase
           n.  strong wood or metal stick, pointed at one end, that can be driven into the ground, eg to support a young tree, as a post for a fence, etc or as a marker
      n. icicle-shaped formation of lime hanging from the roof ofa cave, formed by the steady dripping of water containingminerals
      n. formation of lime extending upwards like a pillar from the floor of a cave as water from a stalactite drips onto it .
           adj.  smelling or tasting unpleasant, mouldy or dry, because no longer fresh
       n.  position of the pieces in the game of chess in which the player whose move it is cannot move without putting his king in check
           n.  main stem of a plant
           n.  compartment, usu with three sides, for one animal in a stable or cattle shed
        n. fully grown male horse thathas not been castrated, esp one used for breeding
        adj.  (of a person) strong and sturdy
          n. any of the small thin male parts in the middle of a flower that produce pollen
         n. ability to endure much physical or mental strain; long-lasting energy and resilience; staying-power
         v.  speak with sudden pauses and a tendency to repeat rapidly the same sound or syllable (because of a speech defect or from fear, excitement, etc)
       n. person who stammers
           v.  ~ sth put (one's foot) down heavily on (the ground, etc); flatten (sth) by doing this
        n.  sudden rush of frightened animals
          n.  person's position or way of standing (esp in sports such as cricket, golf, etc when preparing to hit the ball); pose  ;
          v. stop the flow of (esp blood)
       n. upright bar or post forming a support
           n.  stationary condition; halt or standstill
        n.  thing used as a test or measure for weights, lengths, quality, purity, etc
     to make or become standard
        n.  position or reputation; status; rank
     adj. reserved, haughty, or aloof
      n. position from which things are seen and opinions are formed; point of view
      n. halt; stop
           pt of stink
          n. group of lines forming a unit in some types of poem; verse of poetry
          n.  small thin piece of bent wire that is driven into sheets of paper, etc and flattened to fasten them together
         n. small hand-operated instrument for fastening papers, etc together with staples
            n.  any one of the distant bodies appearing as a point of light in the sky at night
       n. side of a ship or aircraft that is on the right when one is facing forward
         adj.  of or like starch
         n. status of being a famous actor, performer, etc
           v. ~ look (at sb/sth) with the eyes wide open in a fixed gaze (in astonishment, wonder, fear, etc)
           adj.  desolate and bare; grim; cheerless
        adj. with no stars to be seen
           n.  beginning of a journey, an activity, a plan, a race, etc; process or act of starting
         v. give a sudden shock or surprise to cause to move or jump suddenly (from surprise)
       adj. very surprising; astonishing; remarkable
      n. suffering ordeath caused by lack of food
          v.  suffer severely or die from hunger
           v. ~ sth (infml ) store sth safely and secretly; hide sth
          (Pathol)  a stagnation in the normal flow of bodily fluids, such as the blood or urine
           n.  condition in which a person or thing is (in circumstances, appearance, mind, health, etc); quality of circumstances, characteristics, etc
      n. skill in managing State affairs; statesmanship ;
         adj. dignified; imposing; grand
       n.  stating sth or expressing sth in words
       n. (fem  stateswoman , pl -women ) person who plays an important part in the management of State affairs, esp one who is skilled and fair; wise political leader
   adj. having or showing the qualities and abilities of a wise statesman
   n. skill and wisdom in managing public affairs
          adj.  not moving or changing; stationary
         n.  place, building, etcwhere a service is organized and provided, or specializedwork is done
      adj.  not moving
      n. writing materials
       n. item of information expressed in numbers
     adj. of or shown by statistics
   adv: It has been proved statistically that
    n. person who studies or works with statistics
      n. collection of information shown in numbers
        n.  statues
          n. figure of a person, an animal, etc in wood, stone, bronze, etc, usu life-size or larger
      adj. like a statue in size, dignity or stillness  ,
       n. small statue
         n.  natural height of the body
          n.  person's social, legal or professional position or rank in relation to others
         n.  law passed by Parliament or a similar law-making body and written down formally
       adjfixed, done or required by statute
         adj. firm, loyal and dependable in opinion and attitude
            v.  remain or continue in the same place (for a long or short time, permanently or temporarily, as specified by the context); not depart or change
       adj. ~ (fml usu approv , ) firm and not changing or yielding; constant
        adv. firmly
      n.
          adj.  firmly fixed, supported or balanced; not shaking, rocking or likely to fall over
           n.  meat (esp beef) or fish, cut for frying or grilling, etc
           v.  ~ (sth) (from sb/sth) take (another person's property) secretly without permission or legal right; take (sth) dishonestly
         n. acting or behaving in a quiet or secret way
        adj. doing things, or done, with stealth
           n.  invisible gas into which water is changed by boiling
         a boat or ship driven by steam engines
       n. ship driven by steam
           n. horse
           n.  strong hard alloy of iron and carbon, much used for making vehicles, tools, knives, machinery, etc
           adj.  (of a slope, stairs, etc) rising or falling sharply, not gradually
         v. become steep1(1) or steeper
        adj. quite steep
         n. tall tower with a spire on top, rising above the roof of a church .
           v.  direct or control the course of (a boat, car, etc)
         adj. of a star or stars
            n.  main central part of a plant, bush or tree coming up from the roots, from which the leaves or flowers grow
          n. very unpleasant smell
         n.  thin sheet of metal, cardboard, etc with a design or letters cut out of it, used for putting this design, etc onto a surface when ink or paint is applied to it ,
    (Brit ,shorthand-typist) n person who can write shorthand or is employed to do this
     n. = shorthand (short)
      adj. (of a voice) loud and powerful
            v.  lift and put down the foot, or one foot after the other, as in walking
          n. flat grassy plain with few trees, esp in SE Europe and Siberia
          n.  stereophonic sound or recording
 the study of the spatial arrangement of atoms in molecules and the effect of spatial arrangement on chemical propertie
      n.  image,idea, character, etc that has become fixed or standardizedin a conventional form without individuality
         adj.  not producing or not able to produce seeds, young or children
       n. state or quality of being sterile
   the act or procedure of sterilizing or making sterile
       to render sterile; make infertile or barren
        adj.  (of coins or precious metal) of standard value and purity; genuine
           adj. serious and grim, not kind or cheerful; expecting to be obeyed
         adj.
       n.
      adj. (of breathing or a person breathing) making a loud snoring noise
     n. instrument used by doctors for listening to the beating of the heart, sounds of breathing, etc
            v.  cook slowly in water or juice in a closed dish, pan, etc
         n.  person employed to manage another's property, esp a large house or estate ,
      a woman who performs a steward's job on an aircraft or shi
           n.  short thin piece of wood used as a support, as a weapon or as firewood
      n.
        n. ~ for sth person who thinks that a certain goal is very important and tries to make other people aim at it
        n. = tie-pin (tie1)
          adj.  that sticks or tends to stick to anything which touches it
           adj.  not easily bent, folded, moved, changed in shape, etc
         v. ~ (up) (with sth) (cause sth to) become stiff or stiffer
       n. thing used to stiffen
      n. material used to stiffen a piece of cloth or a garment
       n.
          v.  feel or make unable to breathe (easily) because of lack of fresh air; suffocate
          n.  mark of shame or disgrace; shameful feeling or reputation
        n. marks resembling the wounds made by nails on the body of Christ when he was crucified, said to have appeared on the bodies of various saints and considered as a sign of holiness by some Christians ,
      describe smb scornfully
        n.  small dagger or tool with a narrow pointed blade
           adj.  (almost) without movement or sound; quiet and calm
       n. quality of being still
           n.  either of a pair of poles, each with a support for the foot, on which a person can walk raised above the ground
         adj. (of a manner of talking, writing, behaving, etc) stiff and unnatural; artificial
       n.  drug that increases physical or mental activity and alertness
       v. ~ sb/sth make sb/sth more active or alert; arouse sb/sth
      [ stimulate: ] [tr; usually passive]  to fill (a person) with ideas or enthusiasm
     adj. tending to stimulate; arousing
     n.
        n. (to sth/to do sth)  thing that produces a reaction in living things
           n.  sharp pointed organ of some insects and other animals, used for wounding and (usu) injecting poison
      n.
          adj. spending, using or giving unwillingly; mean
           v. (infml )  ~ (of sth) have a very unpleasant and offensive smell
        adj. very bad or unpleasant; horrible
           v. ~ on sth; ~ sb/oneself (usu in negative sentences ) restrict, limit sb/oneself to a small amount of (esp food)
         n. official income (esp of a clergyman); salary ;
         v. paint, draw or engrave in small dots (not in lines, etc)
       v. state (sth) clearly and firmly as a requirement
     n. action of stipulating
            v.  ~ sth (with sth) move a spoon, etc round and round in (a liquid or some other substance) in order to mix it thoroughly
          n.  single passing of a needle and thread into and out of cloth, etc in sewing, or into and out of skin tissue, etc in surgery .
           n.  store of goods available for sale, distribution or use, in a shop, warehouse, etc
        n. line or wall of strong upright posts, built as a defence
        adv: a stockily built man
        n.  either of a pair of tight-fitting coverings for the feet and legs, reaching to or above the knee
          adj. (usu of people) short, strong and solid in appearance
          n. food that is heavy, solid and not easy to digest
          adj. (infml derog , )  (of food) heavy, solid and difficult to digest
           n. person who has great self-control and who endures pain, discomfort or misfortune without complaining or showing signs of feeling it ,
         adj. of or like a stoic; enduring pain, etc without complaint
        n. behaving stoically
           v.  ~ sth (with sth) put (coal or some other fuel) on the fire of a furnace, an engine, etc
           n.  women's garment like a wide scarf, worn around the shoulders
          pp of steal
          adj. (of a person) not easily excited; showing little or no emotion or interest
         n.  bag-like organ of the body into which food passes when swallowed and in which the first part of digestion occurs
           n.  hard solid mineral substance that is not metallic; (type of) rock
       v.  obstruct (a discussion, etc) by non-committal, evasive or very long replies
         adv. in a stonymanner
           adj.  full of, covered in or having stones
           pt, pp of stand
           n.  seat without a back or arms, usu for one person
           v.  ~ (down) bend forward and down
            v.  put an end to (the movement, progress, operation, etc of a person or thing); cause to halt or pause
         n.  storing of goods, etc
           n.  quantity or supply of sth kept for use as needed
      building where things are stored
       a room in which things are stored
          n.  section of a building with rooms all at the same level; floor
           n.  occasion of violent weather conditions, with strong winds and usu rain or snow or thunder, etc
          adj.  marked by or having strong winds, heavy rain, snow, hail, etc
           n.  ~ account of past events, incidents, etc
           adj.  strong and thick
    having a stout heart or spirit:STUBBORN
           n.  apparatus containing one or more ovens, used for cooking
        n. person who hides himself in a ship or aircraft before its departure, in order to travel without paying or being seen
        v.  sit or stand across with both legs wide apart
        v.  grow or spread in an irregular or untidy manner
       n. person who straggles
        adj.  without a bend or curve; extending or moving continuously in one direction only
      v.  ~ (up/out) (cause sth to) become straight
 adj.  honest and frank, without evasion
adv: behave, speak straightforwardly
n.
          v.  stretch tightly by pulling
        adj.  unnatural, forced and artificial; not easy or relaxed
          n.  narrow passage of water connecting two seas or two large areas of water
        to embarrass or distress, esp. financially
      adj. in straitened `circumstances (fml esp euph , ) having scarcely enough money to live on; in poverty ;
         [ strait: ] [often pl] a  a narrow channel of the sea linking two larger areas of sea
          n. sandy shore of a lake, sea or river ,
        adj. left in difficulties, eg without money, friends or transport
         adj.  not previously known, seen, felt, heard of, etc; not familiar or of one's own
        n.  person that one does not know
        v.  kill by squeezing or gripping the throat tightly; throttle
       n. person who strangles sb
   n.  strangling or being strangled
           n.  strip of leather, cloth or other flexible material, often with a buckle, used to fasten things together or to keep things in place or to support, hold or hang sth by
          pl of stratum
       n. trick, plan or scheme to deceive sb (esp an enemy)
       adj.  of strategy; forming part of a plan or scheme
   adv: a strategically placed microphone
      n. person skilled in strategy
        n.  planning and directing an operation in a war or campaign
      [ stratify: ] to form or be formed in layers or strata
        v. arrange (sth) in strata or grades, etc
    n. layer of the earth's atmosphere between about 10 and 60 kilometres above the surface of the earth , 1060
         n.  any of a series of horizontal layers, esp of rock in the earth's crust
           n.  cut and dried stalks of grain plants used as a material for thatching roofs, making hats, mats, etc and as bedding and food for animals
      n. soft juicy red fruit with tiny yellow seeds on the surface
           v.  move away from one's group, proper place, etc with no fixed destination or purpose; wander
          n. ~  long thin mark, line or band of a different substance or colour from its surroundings
         adj. marked with, having or full of streaks
          n.  small river or large brook
       Rivulet.
      v.  give a streamlined form to
     adj. having a smooth even shape so as to be able to move quickly and easily through air, water, etc
    [ streamline: ] a contour on a body that offers the minimum resistance to a gas or liquid flowing around it
          n.  public road in a city, town or village with houses and buildings on one side or both sides
        n.  quality of being strong; degree of intensity of this
      v. become stronger
    [ strengthen: ] verb  to make or become stronger
       adj.  making great efforts; energetic
     adv: She strenuously denies all the charges
          n.  mental or physical distress, difficult circumstances, etc
       adj. causing stress
         v.  make longer, wider or tighter by pulling
        adj. (infml ) that can be stretched; tending to become stretched
           v. ~ A (on/over B); ~ B with A scatter sth (over a surface); cover (a surface) with scattered things; sprinkle
         to mark with striations or striae
        adj. marked with stripes, lines or furrows
       n.  stripe, line or furrow
        adj. ~ (esp in compounds ) affected or overcome (by sth unpleasant, eg illness, grief)
          adj.  demanding total obedience or observance (of rules, ways of behaving, etc); severe; not lenient
        adv.  in a strict manner; completely
       n.  (fml ) severe criticism or condemnation
          v.  walk with long steps (in the specified direction)
       (n.) harshness or shrillness sound
        adj. loud and harsh; shrill
      v. make high-pitched chirping sounds by rubbing together certain parts of the body
          n. state of conflict; angry or violent disagreement; quarrelling
          n.  organized stopping of work by employees because of a disagreement (eg over pay, conditions, etc); act or instance of striking (strike
        adj.  attracting attention or interest
          n.  thin cord made of twisted threads; twine
      Strictness.
       adj.  that must be obeyed; strict or severe
         [ string: ] a thin length of cord, twine, fibre, or similar material used for tying, hanging, binding, etc.
           v.  ~ sth (from/off sth/sb); ~ sth/sb (of sth); ~ sth (off) take off (clothes, coverings, parts, etc) from sb/sth
          n.  long narrow band on a surface that is usu different from it in colour, material or texture
       n. male person between boyhood and manhood; youth or lad
        [ strip: ] to take or pull (the covering, clothes, etc.) off (oneself, another person, or thing)
          v. (fml )  ~ (for/after sth) try very hard (to obtain or achieve sth)
        [ strive: ] [may take a clause as object or an infinitive]  to make a great and tenacious effort
          pt of stride
          n.  act or process of striking; blow
          n. slow leisurely walk
       [ stroll: ] to walk about in a leisurely manner
          adj.  not easily broken, hurt, injured, captured, etc; solid and sturdy
        [ strong: ] involving or possessing physical or mental strength
   adj. having a determined mind
          pt of strive
          pt, pp of strike
      adj. of a structure or the framework of a structure
       n.  way in which sth is put together, organized, built, etc
        v.  ~ (with sb) fight (with sb)
           v. ~ (on sth) play (a stringed instrument), esp rather unskilfully or monotonously
           n. rod or bar placed in a framework to strengthen and brace it
      n. poisonous substance used in very small doses to stimulate the nerves
        adj.  determined not to give way; strong-willed; obstinate
      adv: stubbornly refuse to do it
         n.  person who is studying for a degree, diploma, etc at a university or some other place of higher education or technical training
         adj. carefully considered; intentional; deliberate
          n.  work-room of a painter, sculptor, photographer, etc   ,
        adj.  spending a lot of time studying
           n.  process of gaining knowledge of a subject, esp from books
           n.  material of which sth is made
          adj.  (of a room, etc) not having much fresh air
        v. (fml )  cause (sth) to be ineffective or seem absurd; negate
         v.  ~ strike one's foot against sth and almost fall
           n.  part of a tree left in the ground after the rest has fallen or been cut down
            v.  make (a person or an animal) unconscious by a blow, esp to the head
           pt, pp of sting2
           pp of stink1
        adj. impressive; splendid
           n. thing done to attract attention
        fem stuntwoman
         make numb; stun; amaze
      adj. amazingly large, impressive, good, etc
          adj.  slow to learn or understand things; not intelligent or clever
       n.  state of being stupid
          n. condition of being dazed or nearly unconscious caused by shock, drugs, alcohol, etc
        adv: a sturdily built bicycle, man
          adj.  strong and solid
         v. = stammer
       n. person who stutters
         adj. very dark; gloomy
           n.  manner of writing or speaking, esp contrasted with what is actually written or said
         adj. having style(3); fashionable
         to give a conventional or established stylistic form to
          n.  sharp needle tipped with diamond or sapphire, used to reproduce sound by resting in the groove of a record as it turns on a record-player
          n.  situation on the green in which an opponent's ball is between one's own ball and the hole
         n, adj checking the flow of blood
         The act of persuading.
           adj. (usu of a man) having self-confidence and smooth sophisticated manners
         [ suave: ]
             n.  submarine
         Somewhat sharp or biting.
       n. any officer in the army below the rank of captain
      Being, formed, or operating under water.
    adj. of or concerning the thoughts, instincts, fears, etc in the mind, of which one is not fully aware but which influence one's actions
    adj. under the skin
       v. ~ (into sth) (cause sth to) be divided again into smaller divisions
          v.  bring under control by force; defeat
         adj.  not very loud, intense, noticeable, etc
       Situated directly underneath.
         n.  person or thingthat is being discussed or described (in speech or writing),or represented, eg in a painting; topic; theme
      n. subjecting or being subjected
      adj.  existing in the mind and not produced by things outside the mind
    n.
       v. gain controlof (a country, etc); subdue; conquer ;
       v.  express (instinctual urges, esp sexual ones) in more socially acceptable ways
         adj.  of the greatest, most admirable kind; causing awe and reverence
      adj. being perceivedor affecting the mind without one being aware of it
      Situated beneath the tongue.
       n.  naval vessel that can operate underwater as well as onthe surface
        v.  go under the surface of a liquid, the sea, etc
     submersion / sEb5m\
        [ submerge: ] to plunge, sink, or dive or cause to plunge, sink, or dive below the surface of water, etc.
     n, adj that can be submerged
      n. ~  acceptance of another`s power; submitting
      adj. willing to yield to the authority of others; obedient
          v.  ~ (to sb/sth) accept the control, superior strength, etc (of sb/sth); yield (to sb/sth) ; ,
        (Biology)  a taxonomic group that is a subdivision of an order
     adj. ~ (to sb) lower in rank or position
   n.
          v. use bribery or some other means to persuade (sb) to do sth illegal, esp tell lies in a court of law
        n. written order requiring a person to appear in a lawcourt
       v.  ~ (to sth) (agree to) contribute (a sum of money)
       (Printing)  (of a character) written or printed below the line
    n.  subscribing or being subscribed
      adj. later; following
    adv. afterwards
    The quality, character, or condition of being servilely following another's behests.
     adj. ~  (often derog ) giving too much respect, obedience, etc; submissive
         v.  sink to a lower or to the normal level
      n.  process of subsiding
      adj. 1~ connected to but smaller, of less importance,etc than sth else; subordinate
   [ subsidize: ] to aid or support with a subsidy
       to aid or support with a subsidy
         n. money paid, esp by a government, to help an industry, to support the arts, to keep prices down, etc
         v. ~ (fml ) (continue to) stay alive, esp with little food or money; exist
     n. subsisting
      adj. "subspe'cifically adve
       n.  particular type of matter
     adj.  large in amount; considerable
   adv.  considerably; greatly
    v. give facts to support (a claim, statement, etc); prove
   [ substantiate: ] to establish as valid or genuine
  n.
     adj. genuine or actual; real
   [ substantive: ] (Grammar)  a noun or pronoun used in place of a noun
      n. ~ person or thing that replaces, acts for or serves as sb or sth else
       (Biochem)  the substance upon which an enzyme acts
      n. level lying below another
         v. ~ sth (fml ) include sth in a particular group, class, etc or under a rule
         v. (of a chord
      n. trick or excuse, esp one used to avoid difficulties, blame, failure, etc
    adj. underthe earth's surface; underground
        n.  secondary title of a book, etc
          adj. (esp approv )  not easy to detect or describe; fine; delicate
        n.  quality of being subtle
          adv.
        v. ~ sth take (a number or quantity) away from (another number, etc)
     n.  process of subtracting
      That which is to be subtracted.
          n. district outside the central part of a town or city
        adj.  of or in a suburb
     n. person who lives in the suburbs
     to make suburba
      n. grant of money to support an industry, a theatre company, etc; subsidy  ,
      An overthrow, as from the foundation.
      adj. ~ trying or likely to weaken or destroy a political system, an accepted belief, etc
         v.  destroy the authority of
          n.  underground pedestrian tunnel, esp one beneath a road or railway
         v.  ~ do what one is trying to do; achieve thedesired end
         n.  achievement of a desired end, or of fame, wealth or social position; succeeding
      adj. having success
    adv.
      n.  number of things or people coming one after the other in time or order; series
      adj. coming one after the other in an unbroken series
    adv.
       n. ~ person or thing that comes after and takes the place of (sb/sth)
        adj. expressedbriefly and clearly; concise
      adv.
    n.
          to go to the aid of:RELIEVE
        n. female demon said to have sexual intercourse with sleeping males
       adj.  (of fruit and meat) juicy and delicious
         v. ~ (fml ) stop resisting (temptation, illness, attack, etc); yield
            det  (referring back ) of the kind specified earlier
            v.  draw (liquid or air, etc) into the mouth by using the lip muscles
          v. feed with milk from the breast or udder
        n. out of the mouths of babes and sucklings
          adj.  happening, coming or done quickly and unexpectedly
        adv.
             v.  ~ (for sth) make a legal claim (against sb)
           n. type of soft leather with one side rubbed so that it has a soft roughened surface
          v.  ~ feel pain, discomfort, great sorrow, etc
      n. on `sufferance tolerated but not actually wanted
        n. person who suffers
       n.  pain of body or mind
         v.  ~ (not in the continuous tenses ) (fml ) be enough (for sb/sth); be adequate
     n. ~ of sth sufficient quantity of sth
      adj. ~ enough
    adv: not sufficiently careful
       v.  die as a result of not being able to breathe
        n. right to vote in political elections
      advocate of voting rights (for women)
         v. ~ sth (esp of colour or moisture) spread all over sth
           n.  sweet substance obtained from the juices of various plants, used in cooking and for sweetening tea, coffee, etc
         v.  ~ sb (for sth); ~ sb/sth (as sth) put sth/sb forward for consideration
     adj. easily influenced
      n.  suggesting or being suggested
      adj.  ~ putting particular ideas or associations into sb's mind
         n.  killing oneself intentionally
            n.  set of outer garments of the same material, usu a jacket and trousers for a man and a jacket and skirt for a woman
     suitableness ns
        adj. ~ right or appropriatefor a purpose or an occasion
        adv: go to a party suitably dressed
        n. case with flat sides, used for carrying clothes, etc when travelling
           n.  set of matching pieces of furniture
          n. man courting a woman
          = sulphur
            v. ~ (derog ) be silent or unsociable as a result of bad temper or resentment
       n.
           adj. having or showing a tendency to sulk
          adj.  silent, bad-tempered and gloomy
      n.
           v. (fml or rhet usu fig , ) make (sth) dirty; stain; ruin or destroy (sb's reputation, etc)
         n. chemical element, a light-yellow non-metallic solid that burns with a bright flame and a strong smell, used in medicine and industry
          adj.  (of the weather, air, etc) oppressively hot and humid
             n.  arithmetical calculation
       adv: summarily dismissed
   [ summarize: ] to make or be a summary of; express concisely
       to make or be a summary of; express concisely
         n.  brief statement of themain points of sth
       n.  summing-up; summary
          n.  the second and warmest season of the year outside the tropics, coming between spring and autumn, ie from June to August inthe northern hemisphere
          n.  highest point; top, esp of a mountain
          v.  ~ sb (to sth); ~ sb (together) send a message telling sb to come; call (people) together
       adj. looking expensive and splendid
             n.  the star around which the earth orbits and from which it receives lightand warmth
          n.  the first day of the week (coming before Monday), a day of rest and worship for Christians
          v. ~ sth/sb (fml or rhet ) separate sth/sb, esp by force or for ever
          adj.  various
            pp of sing
            pt, pp of sink1
          adj.  that has gone to the bottom of the sea
        n. light of the sun
           adj.  bright with sunlight; receiving much sunlight
         n. rising of the sun; dawn
          n.  setting of the sun
        n.  light and heat of the sun
           adj. excellent; splendid
  n. ~ (fml ) amount that is more than enough
   very abundant; more than enough
        To add in addition to what has been added.
    v. send into retirement with a pension
   adj. old and barely fit for work or use
  n. superannuating
          adj. excellent; splendid
        adv.
    adj. thinking or showing that one thinks one is better than other people; arrogant and disdainful
  superfluous; more than needed or demanded
     adj.  of or on the surface only
  n.
   adv: only superficially alike
     n. ~ (fml ) superfluous amount
     adj. more than is needed or wanted
       To heat to excess.
     v. ~ sth put sth on top of sth else, esp so that what is underneath can still be seen, heard, etc
     v. manage and control (workers, their work, etc); supervise
 n. superintending
  n.  person who superintends
        adj.  better than average
     n. ~ ~ (to/over sth/sb) state of being superior
     adj.  of the highest degree or quality
     n. large shop selling food, household goods, etc which one takes from the shelves oneself and pays for at the exit
        of or from the world of the divine; celestial
    adj. that cannot be explained by natural or physical laws; of the world of spirits, magic, etc
       n. (astronomy) star that suddenly becomes very much brighter as a result of an explosion
   adj. in excess of the normal number; extra
       v. take the place of be introduced so as to be used instead of (sth/sb)
      [ supersede: ] to take the place of (something old-fashioned or less appropriate); supplant
      adj. faster than the speed of sound
    n.  belief that certain events cannot be explained by human reason or physical laws; irrational fear of what is unknown or mysterious
  n.  structure built on top of sth else, eg the part of a building above the ground ,
       v. occur as an interruption or change
       v. watch or otherwise keep a check on to make sure it is done properly
     n. supervising or being supervised
      n. person who supervises
     adj. supervising
          adj.  lying flat on the back,face upwards
          n. last meal of the day, usu less large and less formal than dinner
        v. take the place of (sb/sth); replace
          adj. bent or bending easily; not stiff; flexible
      n.  ~ thing added to sth else to improve or complete it
   ~  additional; extra
      n.
       n, adj (person) asking humbly for sth
      n. person who supplicates; suppliant
      v. ~ sth (fml ) ask (sb) humbly or pleadingly for sth
    n. (act of) supplicating
        n. person or firm supplying goods, etc
          v.  ~ sth (to sb); ~ sb (with sth) give sb sth that is needed or useful; provide sb with sth
         v. bear the weight of (sth/sb); hold in position; carry
     adj.  that can be supported
      adj. giving help, encouragement or sympathy
         v.  accept as true or probable; believe; imagine; assume
     n.  supposing
  assumed; counterfeit; hypothetical
        v.  put an end to (sth), esp by force; crush
      [ suppress: ] to put an end to; prohibit
    adj. that can be suppressed
     n. suppressing or being suppressed
       v. (of a wound, etc) have a thick yellow liquid (pus) forming inside it because of infection
       n. ~ being supreme; position of the highest power, authority or status
         adj.  highest in authority, rank or degree
       n.  ~ payment that is demanded in addition to the usual charge
            adj.  ~ (of/about sth); ~ that...; ~ what, etc... not doubting or seeming to doubt what one believes, knows, etc; confident that one is right
          adv.  without doubt; certainly
          n.  guarantee that sb will pay his debts, perform a duty, etc
            n. waves breaking on the seashore
         n.  outside of an object
         n. ~ (of sth) too much of sth, esp of food and drink
           v.  move forward in or like waves
         n. doctor who performs surgical operations
         n.  treatment of injuries or diseases by cutting or removing parts of the body
           adj. bad-tempered and unfriendly
         v. suppose (sth) without having evidence that makes it certain; guess
        v.  deal with (a difficulty, etc); overcome
    adj. that can be overcome
         n. name shared by all the members of a family
         v.  ~ sb/sth (in sth) (fml ) do or be better than sb/sth; exceed sb/sth
         n.  amount left over after one has used all that one needs; amount by which money received is greater than money spent
        n.  feeling caused by sth happening suddenly or unexpectedly
      adj. causing surprise
    [ surprising: ] adj. causing surprise; unexpected or amazing
         adj. unlike reality, esp in having combinations or strange distortions of things, as in a dream; fantastic; bizarre
      n. 20th-century movement in art and literature that tries to express what is in the subconscious mind by showing objects and events as seen in dreams, etc 20,
      n, adj of surrealism
       v.  ~ (to sb) stop resisting an enemy, etc; yield; give up
   adj. done or acting secretly or stealthily
 adv.
       n. ~ (fml ) person or thing that acts or is used instead of another; substitute
        To encircle.
     adj. that is around and nearby
    pl n  the conditions, scenery, etc., around a person, place, or thing; environmen
    n. careful watch kept on sb suspected of doing wrong
          v.  look carefully at all of (sth/sb), esp from a distance
        n.  person who surveys and values buildings, etc
        n.  state of continuing to live or exist; surviving
         v.  ~ ~ (on sth) continue to live or exist
        n. person who has survived
[ susceptibility: ] the quality or condition of being susceptible
  n.  ~ state of being susceptible
     adj.  ~ to sth easily influenced or harmed by sth
         v.  have an idea of the existence, presence or truth of (sth); believe
         v.  ~ sth (fml ) hang sth up
       [ suspend: ] vt. to hang from above so as to permit free movement
       n.  short elastic strap for holding up a sock or stocking by its top
        n. feeling of tenseness, worry, etc about what may happen
      n.  suspending or being suspended
       n.  suspecting or being suspected
      adj.  ~ having or showing suspicion
         v.  bear (weight) without breaking or falling
       unfailing
      n. food and drink; nourishment
          n. stitch or stitches made in sewing up a wound, esp following an operation ,
          adj. (of a person) gracefully thin
         v. walk or behave in a proud or boastful way
         v.  cause or allow (esp food or drink) to go down the throat
            pt of swim
           n. soft wet land; marsh ;
          adj. (-ier, -iest)
            n.  large graceful water-bird with a long thin neck .
           v. behave or talk in a boastful way; swagger
            v. (infml )  ~ (sth) (with sb);~ (sb) sth for sth; ~ sth (over/round) give sth in exchange for sth else; substitute sth for sth else
           n.  large number of insects, birds, etc moving around together, esp bees following a queen bee
         adj. dark or dark-skinned
           the width of one sweep of a scythe or of the blade of a mowing machine
          n.  strip of grass or other plants cut by a mower, scythe, etc
            v.  move or lean slowly from side to side
           v. ~ (at sb/sth) use rude or blasphemous words in anger, surprise, etc; curse
      n. rude or blasphemous word
           n.  natural moisture which comes through the skin when one is hot, ill, afraid, working hard, etc
         n. = jersey 1
          adj.  covered or damp with sweat
           v.  ~ sth (from, off, into, etc sth); ~ sth (away, up, etc) remove (dust, dirt, etc) with or as if with a broom or brush
        adj.  having an extremely wide effect; far reaching
           adj.  tasting like sugar or honey; not sour, bitter or salty
         v.  become sweet or sweeter
       n.  substance used to sweeten food or drink, esp as a substitute for sugar
      n. substance, eg sugar, used to sweeten food or drink
       n.  quality of being sweet
           v.  ~(to sth); ~ (sth) (up) (with sth) (cause sth to) becomelarger or bulge outwards, eg because of pressure from inside
        n.  condition of being swollen
         v. be uncomfortably hot; suffer from the heat
      oppressively hot
           pt, pp of sweep1
          v. change direction suddenly
           adj. ~ (to do sth/in doing sth) quick or rapid; prompt
         adv.
       n.
            v. ~ sth (down) (infml ) take a drink or drinks of (esp alcohol), usu in large gulps
           v.  ~ sth (out/down) (esp Brit) rinse or flush sth by pouring large amounts of water, etc into, over or through it
            v.  move the body through water by using arms, legs, fins, tail, etc
         n. person who swims
         v. ~ sb/sth (out of sth) cheat sb/sth, esp in a business transaction
        n. person who swindles
           n.  pigs
           v. (cause sb/sth to) move to and fro while hanging or supported
           v. (infml )  ~ (at) sth/sb (try to) hit sth/sb with a swinging or reckless blow
           v. move or flow with twists and turns and with varying speed
        [ swirl: ] to turn or cause to turn in a twisting spinning fashion
           adj. of Switzerland, its people or its dialects
          n.  device for completing or breaking an electric circuit
         pp of swell
           v.  ~ (on sb/sth) come down suddenly with a rushing movement
           n.  weapon with a long thin metal blade and a protected handle
           pt of swear
           pp of swear
            v. ~ (up) (for/on sth); ~ sth up (Brit infml often derog , ) study sth very hard, esp in preparation for an exam
            pp of swim
           pt, pp of swing
        n. person who is very fond of luxury and comfort
       adj. typical of a sybarite
       n. person who tries to gain people's favour by insincerely flattering them and always agreeing with them
     adj. a sycophantic smile
        adj.  of or in syllables
   Division of words into that which is uttered in a single vocal impulse.
        n.  any of the units into which a word may be divided, usu consisting of a vowel-sound with a consonant before or after
        n. list of subjects, topics, texts, etc included in a course of study
       n. form of reasoning in which a conclusion is drawn from two statements, eg All men must die; I am a man; therefore I must die
     adj. in the form of or being a syllogism
           n.  one of a type of female nature spirits believed to inhabit the air
       adj. slender and graceful
          => silvan
       An organism in a symbiotic relationship
       n. relationship between two species, organisms,etc that live close together and depend on each other in various ways
          n.  ~ image, object, etc that suggests or refers to sth else; emblem
        symbolical  adjs ~ of, using or used as a symbol
       n. use of symbols to represent things, esp in art and literature; the symbols thus used
       vt. to serve as or be a symbol
         [ symbol: ] something that represents or stands for something else, usually by convention or association, esp. a material object used to represent something abstract
       symmetrical adjs having two halves whichare the same in size and shape
     Well-balanced.
        n.  exact match in size and shape between the two halves of sth
     adj.  ~ feeling, showing or resulting fromsympathy
 adv.
      To share the sentiments or mental states of another.
        n.  ~ (capacity for) sharing the feelings of others; feeling of pity and sorrow (for sb)
       adj. of or like a symphony
     Marked by a harmonious or agreeable mingling of sounds.
        n. long complex musical composition, usu in three or four parts for a large orchestra
       n.  small conference for discussion of a particular subject
         n.  change in the body that indicates an illness
     adj. ~ being a symptom
         the point at which a nerve impulse is relayed from the terminal portion of an axon to the dendrites of an adjacent neuro
     Simultaneousness.
     to occur or recur or cause to occur or recur at the same time or in unison
     similary timed; simultaneous with
       v. change in a piece of music so that a strong beat becomes weak and a weak beat becomes strong
     n.
       n. group of people or business companies combined to undertake a joint project
        [ Cushing's: ] (Med)  any combination of signs and symptoms that are indicative of a particular disease or disorder
       The coalescence of two vowels or syllables, as e'er for ever.
        working together:COOPERATING
           n. official assembly of church members to discuss and decide on matters of religious teaching, church policy and administration, etc  ,
         n. word or phrase with the same meaning as another in the same language, though perhaps with a different style, grammar or technical use
      adj. ~ having the same meaning
        n. summary or outline of a book, play, etc
        adj. of or forming a synopsis
       adj. of syntax
   adv: a syntactically complex written style
          n. (rules for the) arrangement of words into phrases and phrases into sentences
       n. combining of separate parts, elements, etc to form a complex whole
      to combine or cause to combine into a whole
       adj.  made by synthesis(
         n.  any of various types of device for taking liquid in and forcing it out again in a thin stream, used for spraying plants, washing wounds, etc
          n.  group of things or parts working together as a whole
      adj.  done or acting according to a system or plan; methodical
  adv.
     to arrange in a system
        adj.  of or affecting the whole of the body
      n.  the tabernacle the portable shrine used by the Israelites during their wanderings in the wilderness
           n.  piece of furniture consisting of a flat top supported on one or more legs
         n. representation of a picture or scene by a silent and motionless group of people, esp on stage
      a cloth for covering the top of a table, esp. during meal
       flat elevated land; a platea
          n.  slab or panel with words cut or written on it, esp one fixed to a wall as a memorial ,
         n. popular newspaper withpages that are half the size of those of larger newspapers
           n.  (in certain cultures) ban or prohibition on sth that is regarded for religious or other reasons as not to be done, touched, used, etc ,
        v. arrange in the form of a table(5) or list
       n.  person or thing that tabulates
      any device for measuring speed, esp. the rate of revolution of a shaft. Tachometers (rev counters) are often fitted to cars to indicate the number of revolutions per minute of the engine
           adj. understoodwithout being put into words; implied
        adj. saying very little; uncommunicative ;
     n.
            n.  small nail with a broad head
       n.
          n.  set of ropes and pulleys for working a ship's sails or for lifting weights
           adj.  (of paint, glue, etc) slightly sticky; not quite dry
            n. skill at not offending people or at gaining goodwill by saying or doing the right thing
         adj. having or showing tact
          n.  means of achieving sth; expedient
        adj. of tactics
      adv: vote tactically
       n. expert in tactics
         adj. of or using the sense of touch
        adj. lacking tact
    n.
             n.  small child, esp a young boy
         n. form of a frog or toad at the stage when it lives under water and has gills and a tail
             n.  metal or plastic point at the end of a shoe-lace, etc
            n.  movable part at the end of the body of a bird, an animal, a fish or a reptile
        adj. having no tail
          n. maker of men's clothes, esp one who makes coats, jackets, etc for individual customers
        a wind blowing in the same direction as the course of an aircraft or ship
           n. trace of some bad quality or decay or infection
         [ taint: ] to affect or be affected by pollution or contamination
            v.  ~sb/sth (with one); ~ sth (to sb) carry sb/sth or accompany sb from one place to another
liberties with 
off         (of an aeroplane, a helicopter, etc) leave the ground and begin to fly
          adj. attractive; charming ;
            n.  narrative or story
          n.  ~ (instance of) special or very great ability
        adj. having talent; gifted
      adj. without talent; not talented ;
        n. object that is thought to bring good luck, eg a ring or locket
            n.  conversation; discussion
       adj. fond of talking
   n.
            adj.  (of people or objects) of more than average height; of objects whose height is greater than their width; higher than surrounding objects
           n.  score; reckoning
           n. claw, esp of a bird of prey
      n. percussion instrument that consists of a small shallow drum with jingling metal discs set in the rim, and is played by shaking or hitting with the hand ,
            adj.  (of animals) gentle and unafraid of human beings; not wild or fierce
            v. tamp sth down tap or ram sth down tightly
          v. ~ with sth meddle or interfere with sth; alter sth without authority
             v.  convert (animal skin) into leather by treating it with tannic acid, etc
            n. sharp taste, flavour or smell, esp one that is characteristic of sth
        The state of touching.
         n.  straight line that touches the outside of a curve but does not cross it .
      peripheral; only slightly connected; digressing
        adj.  that can be perceived by touch
          n.  confused mass
         adj. tangled hair, wire, undergrowth
           n. (music for a) ballroom dance with gliding steps and a strongly marked rhythm
           adj. (-ier, -iest)
            n.  large container, usu for liquid or gas
         n. large drinking mug with a handle, esp one for beer
          n. ship or aircraft for carrying petroleum, etc in bulk
          n. person who tans skins to make leather
         n. place where skins are tanned to make leather
       to tease or torment by or as if by presenting something desirable to           the view but continually keeping it out of reach
   [ tantalize: ] to tease or make frustrated, as by tormenting with the sight of something greatly desired but inaccessible
      adj. ~ to sth equal in effect to sth; as good as sth
         n. outburst of bad temper, esp in a child
         n. (tannery)
             n.  device for controlling the flow of liquid or gas out of a pipe or container
            n.  narrow strip of material used for tying, fastening or labelling things
           n. length of wax-covered thread like a very thin candle burned to give light or to light other candles, etc
        n. cloth into which threads of coloured wool are woven or embroidered by hand to make pictures or designs, used for covering walls and furniture
        n. tape-like worm that lives as a parasite in the intestines of man and other animals
           n. small pig-like animal of tropical America and Malaysia, with a long flexible nose
             n.  thick black sticky liquid, hard when cold, obtained from coal, etc and used in making roads, to preserve timber, etc
       n. any of several types of large spider, many of them hairy and some of them poisonous ,
       n.
           adj. (fml )  slow to act, move or happen
            n.  weight of the container in which goods are packed, or of the vehicle carrying them
          n.  object or mark that a person tries to hit in shooting, etc; disc marked with concentric circles for this purpose in archery ; .
          n.  list of fixed charges, esp for rooms, meals, etc at a hotel
            n. small mountain lake
         v.  lose its brightness by being exposed to air or damp
       lost brightness
       n. canvas made waterproof, esp by being treated with tar
           v. (arch or rhet ) delay in coming to or going from a place; linger
            adj.  sharp-tasting; acid
            n.  piece of work that has to be done
          n. bunch of threads tied at one end and hanging as an ornament
           n.  sensation caused in the tongue by things placed on it
           adj. having a strong and pleasant flavour; appetizing
          to make or become ragged or worn to shreds
        adj. ragged
          v. chatter or gossip idly; reveal information by doing this
           adj. (infml )  shabby and untidy; ragged
          pt, pp of teach
           v. ~ sb try to provoke sb with scornful or critical remarks; jeer at sb
            adj.  tightly stretched; not slack
          v. become taut
    tautologous / tR
       n. saying the same thing more than once in different ways withoutmaking one's meaning clearer or more forceful; needlessrepetition ;
          n. inn or public house
          adj. showy or gaudy but without real value
           adj. brownish-yellow
             n.  money to be paid by people or businesses to a government for publicpurposes
        n. raising money by taxes; taxes to be paid
            n. car that may be hired for journeys, esp one with a meter that records the fare to be paid
     n. person who practises taxidermy
       n. art of preparing and stuffing the skins of dead animals, birds and fish so that they look like living ones
          onerous, wearing
       [ taxonomy: ] a  the branch of biology concerned with the classification of organisms into groups based on similarities of structure, origin, etc.
      one who study the general principles of scientific classification
        n. scientificprocess of classifying living things
             n.  evergreen shrub grown in China, India, etc
           v. give instruction to (sb); cause (sb) to know or be able to do sth
         n. person who teaches, esp in a school
        n.  work of a teacher; instruction
            n. small wild duck living near rivers or lakes
            n.  group of players forming one side in certain games and sports
          n.  container with a spout, in which tea is made and from which it is poured into cups, etc .
            n.  drop of salty water coming from the eye, esp as the result of grief, irritation by fumes, etc
         adj. crying or ready to cry
           v.  make fun of in aplayful or unkind way; try to provoke (sb) with questionsor petty annoyances
         [ tease: ] to annoy (someone) by deliberately offering something with the intention of delaying or withdrawing the offer
       adv. in a teasing manner; in order to tease ;
     n. amount that a teaspoon can hold
            n.  animal's nipple
         Technical.
       adj.  of or involving the mechanical arts and applied sciences
    n.  technical term or point
     adv.  with reference to thetechnique displayed
      n.  expert in the techniques of a particular subject, art or craft
       n. method of doing or performing sth, esp in the arts or sciences
     n. control or management of a country's industrial resourcesby technical experts
      n. expert inscience, engineering, etc, esp one who favours technocracy
   adj. a major technological breakthrough  * technological changes, problems
 adv: technologically advanced
    n. expert in technology
      n.  scientificstudy and use of mechanical arts and applied sciences, eg engineering
        denoting or relating to construction or building
       the art and science of construction or building
         adj. tiresome because of being too long, slow or dull; boring
          n. tediousness; boredom
            v.  ~ with sth have sth in great numbers
         adj. of orfor teenagers
        adj. in one's teens
        n. person in his or her teens
          v. stand or moveunsteadily
           pl of tooth
        adj. never drinking alcoholic drinks
     the principle or practice of complete abstinence from alcoholic drinks
     n. person who is teetotal
        n. message sent by telegraph and then delivered in written or printed form
       n. means of sending messages by the use of electric current along wires
       n. process of automatically recording the readings of an instrument and transmitting them over a distance, usu by radio
     n. person who believes in teleology
       n. theory that events and developments are meant to fulfil a purpose and happen because of that
      adj. of or using telepathy
       n.  communication of thoughts or ideas from one mind to another withoutthe normal use of the senses
       n.  system of transmitting the human voice to a distance by wire or radio
       n. process of transmitting sound by telephone
       n. optical instrument shaped like a tube, with lenses to make distant objects appear larger and nearer
        n. computerized service providing news and other information on the television screens of subscribers
      n.  process of transmitting and reproducing on a screen events, scenes, plays, etc in pictures and sound, using radio signals
           n.  system of communication using teleprinters
            v.  ~ sth (to sb) make sth known, esp in spoken or written words
         adj. have a noticeable effect; impressive
        That gives warning or information.
        n. audacity; rashness
            n. temporary employee, esp a secretary
          n.  state of the mind as regards anger or calmness
     n. person's nature as it affects the way he thinks, feels and behaves
   adj.  caused by a person's temperament
 adv: temperamentally unsuited for the job
      n.  moderation and self-restraint in one's behaviour or in eating and drinking
       adj.  behaving with temperance(1); showing self-control
     adv.
     n.  degree of heat or cold
         n.  violent storm
     adj. stormy; violently agitated; turbulent
          n. building used for the worship of a god or gods, esp in non-Christian religions
           n. speed or rhythm of a piece of music
        adj.  of worldly affairs, ie not spiritual; secular
     adv.
       adj. lasting or meant to last for a limited time only; notpermanent
   [ temporize: ] to delay, act evasively, or protract a discussion, negotiation, etc., esp. in order to gain time or effect a compromise
       avoid committing oneself; gain time
           v. ~ sb  persuade or try to persuade sb to do sth, esp sth wrong or unwise
      n.  tempting or tempted
         n.  person who tempts
             pron, det  10; one more than nine 10.
         adj.  that can be defended successfully against opposition or attack
       adj.  sticking or clinging firmly together or to an object
        firmness; persistency; adhesiveness
         use of land or buildings as a tenant(1)
          n.  person who pays rent to a landlord for the use of a room, a building, land, etc
            v.  take care of or look after
        n.  ~ (to do sth) way a person or thing tends to be or behave
     adj. (of a speech, a piece of writing, etc) aimed at helping a cause; not impartial
          adj.  easily damaged or hurt; delicate
      n. newcomer who is unused to hardships; inexperienced person ;
       to make (meat) tender by pounding it to break down the fibres, by steeping it in a marinade, or by treating it with a tenderizer
      n.
       consisting of tendons:sinewy
           n. principle; belief; doctrine
          n. game for two or four players, who hit a ball backwards and forwards across a net with rackets .
           n. projecting end of a piece of wood shaped to fit into a mortise to make a joint
           n. the ~ of sth  general routine or course of sth
           adj.  stretched tightly; taut ;
         adj.  of tension
         n.  state or degree of stretching or being stretched
            n. shelter or dwelling madeof canvas, etc supported by poles and ropes attached to pegs driven into the ground
        n. slender flexible part extending from the body of certain animals (eg snails, octopuses), used for feeling or grasping things or for moving
       adj. done, said, etc to test sth; hesitant or exploratory; not definite or decisive
      one of a series of hooks or bent nails used to hold cloth stretched on a tenter
     n. (be) on `tenterhooks in a state of anxious suspense oruncertainty
           pron. det 10th; next after ninth 10. n one of ten equal parts of sth
         adj.  thin; slender
          n.  holding of office or land or other property, etc ,
           n. cone-shaped tent made of skins orbark on a frame of poles, used by AmericanIndians
           adj. lukewarm
    n. 300th anniversary 300
            n.  period of time for which sth lasts; fixed or limited time
       n. bad-tempered bullying woman
      adj. that can be terminated
        adj.  of the last stage in a fatal disease
       v. come to an end or bring (sth) to an end
     n.  point at which or way in which sth ends
adv: terminologically incorrect
     n.  technical terms of a particular subject
        n. station at the end of a railway line
         n. small insect, found chiefly in tropical areas, that is very destructive to timber
   of or relating to dancing or the art of dancing
         n.  raised level area of ground or a series of these into which a hillside is shaped so that it can be cultivated
         n. stretch of land, with regard to its natural features
        n. any of various types of edible freshwater tortoise of N America
     adj.  of or living on land
        adj.  causing great fear ordistress; appalling
        adv.  very badly
        adj.  very great; extreme
    adv. extremely
         v. fill (sb) with terror; make very frightened
      [ terrify: ] to inspire fear or dread in; frighten greatly
     adj. of a country'sterritory
  the state or rank of being a territory
       n.  land under the control of a ruler, country, city, etc
          n.  extreme fear
       n. use ofviolence and threats of violence, esp for political purposes,
       n. person who supports or participatesin terrorism
       to coerce or control by violence, fear, threats, etc.
      [ terrorize: ] to coerce or control by violence, fear, threats, etc.
           adj. using few words; concise; curt
       n.
        adj. third in order, rank, importance, etc; next after secondary
      vt. to construct, pave, or inlay with a mosaic of small tiles
     adj. made from small flat pieces of stone of various colours arranged in a pattern
    the act of tessellating
            n.  examination or trial of the qualities, etc of a person or thing
       n.  (usu sing ) ~ (to sth) thing that provides clear proof of sth
    adj. of or given in a person's will
        n. person who has made a will4(4)
         v.  ~ (to sth); ~ (against/in favour of sb) give evidence; declare as a witness, esp in court
     n.  written statement testifying to a person's character, abilities or qualifications
       n.  written or spoken statement declaring that sth is true,esp one made under oath
       n.
           adj. easily annoyed; irritable
          adj. peevish; irritable
          n.  rope or chain by which an animal is fastened while it is grazing
            n.  main written or printed part of a book or page
        n. book givinginstruction in a subject
         n. woven or machine-knitted fabric
         n.  way a surface, substance or fabric looks or feels to the touch, ie its thickness, firmness, roughness, etc
        adj. having a distinct or specified texture
            conj (used after a comparative adj or adv to introduce a clause or phrase in which a comparison is expressed
           v.  ~ sb express gratitude to sb
        adj.  grateful
          n.  expressions of gratitude
    n.  expression of gratitude, esp to God
            det  (used to make a person or thing specific, esp when he/it is seen as distant in space or time from the speaker/writer , )
          n.  dried straw, reeds, etc
            v.  ~ (sth) (out) (cause sth to) pass into an unfrozen or a liquid state after being frozen
             6.2. =>Usage at a2 a2. def art  (when it has already been mentioned or implied   )
         [ theatre: ] a  a building designed for the performance of plays, operas, etc.
         n.  buildingor outdoor area for the performance of plays and similar entertainments
      adj.  of or for the theatre
   [ theatrical: ] of or relating to the theatre or dramatic performances
           n. stealing
           possess det of or belonging to them
          possess pron of or belonging to them
          n. belief in the existence of a God or gods, esp a God revealed to man as the creator and ruler of the universe
          n. believer in theism
        theistical adjs
            pers pron   (used as the object of a v or of a prep; also used independently or after be ,  be )
        adj. of or related to a theme
           n.  subject of a talk, a piece of writing or a person's thoughts; topic
      reflex, emph pron    (reflex ) (used when the people or animals performing an action are also affected by it )
            adv.  at that time
       n. system of government by priests or a priestly class in which the laws of the State are believed to be the laws of God
      n. expert in or student of theology
     adj.
        n.  formal study of the nature of God and of the foundations of religious belief
         n.  rule in algebra, etc, esp one expressed as a formula
     adj.  concerned with the theory of a subject
        n. person who forms theories
        To speculate.
          n.  set of reasoned ideas intended to explain facts or events
       n. any of several systems that aim at a direct knowledge of God by means of meditation, prayer, etc ,
     adj. of the art of healing or the curing of disease
       n. specialist in aparticular type of therapy
         n.  any treatment designedto relieve or cure an illness or a disability
           adv.  in, at or to that place
     adv.  somewhere near there
      adv. after that
         adv. by that means
        For that or this.
       adv. for that reason
         adv. inthat place
         adv. of that; of it ;
         adj.  ofheat
  n. branch of physics dealing with the relations between heat and other forms of energy .
  adj. producing electricity by difference of temperature
Electricity generated by differences of temperature,
     n. instrumentfor measuring temperature
   n, adj that becomes soft and easy to bend when heated and hardens when cooled
       n.  book containing listsof words and phrases grouped according to their meanings
           => this
          n. statement or theory put forward and supported by arguments
        adj. of acting or the theatre
            pers pron. people, animals or things mentioned earlier or being observed now
           adj.  of relatively great distance or of a specified distance between opposite surfaces or sides
         v.  become thicker
      n. material or substance used to thicken sth
         n. mass of shrubs and small trees, etc growing close together
       n.  quality or degree of being thick
           n. person who steals, esp secretly and without violence
           n. part of the human leg between the knee and the hip
      n. very small quantity, esp of liquid to drink
            adj. having opposite surfaces relatively close together; of small diameter
           n.  any unnamed object
           v. ~ (about sth) use the mind in an active way to form connected ideas
         n. person who thinks deeply or in a specified way
        n.
           pron, det 3rd; next after second  3.
         adv. in the third position or place
          n.  feeling caused by a desire or need to drink
       adv: They drank thirstily
         adj.  ~ (for sth) feeling thirst
        pron, det 13; one more than twelve 13.
      pron, det 13th; next after twelfth  13. n one of thirteen equal parts of sth . For the uses of thirteen and thirteenth see five and fifth. thirteenthirteenthfivefifth
       pron, det 30th; next after twenty-ninth  30. n one of thirty equal parts of sth
          pron, det 30; one more than twenty-nine 30.
            det, pron . used to refer to a person, a thing, a place or an event that is close to the speaker/writer, esp when compared with another
         adv.  to or towards that place
           n.  sharp pointed growth on the stem of a plant
          adj.  having thorns
        adj.  done completely and with great attention to detail; not superficial
    n, adj of pure or pedigree stock
    n. public road or street that is open at both ends, esp for traffic
      adv: The work had not been done very thoroughly. * He's a thoroughly nice person.* I'm thoroughly fed up with you
    n.
           => that1
          conj  despite the fact that; although
         pt, pp of think1
      adj.  thinking deeply; absorbedin thought
     adj.  not aware of the possible effects or consequences of one's actions, etc; careless ;
        pron, det  1000; ten hundred 1000
    adj. adv one thousand times as much or as many
      pron, det 1000th; next after nine hundred and ninety-ninth 1000. n one of one thousand equal parts of sth
          slave; bondage
          v.  beat with a stick or whip, esp as a punishment
          n.  spun cotton, wool, silk, etc; thin strand of nylon, etc
      adj.  worn thin; shabby
      adj. resembling a thread; long and slender
          n.  expression of one's intention to punish or harm sb, esp if he does not obey
        v.  ~ sb make a threat or threats against sb; try to influence sb by threats
     [ threaten: ] vt. to be a threat
           pron, det  3; one more than two 3.
          v. beat out or separate from husks of wheat, etc using a machine or (esp formerly) an implement held in the hand
       n.  piece of wood or stone forming the bottom of a doorway
           pt of throw1
          n.  careful or economical use of money or resources
         adj. showing thrift; economical ;
          n.  wave of excited feeling; nervoustremor
          v. ~ (on sth) grow or develop well and vigorously; prosper
        [ thrive: ] to grow strongly and vigorously
          n.  front part of the neck
         adj. uttered deep in the throat; guttural
           v. ~ (with sth)  (of the heart, pulse, etc) beat, esp faster or stronger thanusual
           (n.) spasm or pang; agony
          n.  severe pains
          n.  special chair or seat used by a king, queen, bishop, etc during ceremonies   ,
          n. crowded mass of people or things
        v.  seize by the throat and stop him breathing; choke; strangle
         prep  from one end or side of (a channel, passage, etc) to the other
      adv.  in every part
          => thrive
           v. send (sth) through the air with some force, esp by moving the arm
       a  a person, animal, or plant that has the characteristics of an earlier or more primitive type
          v.  push (sth/sb/oneself) suddenly or violently
           n.  short thick finger set apart from the other four .
           v. beat or strike or knock heavily, esp with the fist
         n.  loud noise that follows a flash of lightning
     n.  flash of lightning with a crash of thunder
      adj. like thunder; very loud
    n. storm with thunder and lightning and usu heavy rain
        n. the fifth day of the week, next after Wednesday
            adv.  in this way; like this
          v. prevent doing what he intends; oppose (a plan, etc) successfully
           n. any of various types of herb with fragrant leaves
            n.  light and regularly repeated sound, esp that of a clock or watch
          n.  written or printed piece of card or paper that gives the holder a certain right
          v.  touch or stroke lightly, esp at sensitive parts, so as to cause a slight tingling sensation, often with twitching movements and laughter
         n. puzzle; problem
        adj.  sensitive to tickling
         n.  very small fish, esp a stickleback or minnow
            n.  regular rise and fall in the level of the sea, caused by the attraction of the moon and sun
            adj.  arranged neatly and in order
             n.  strip of decorative material worn round the neck under the collar and knotted in front .
            n. slight quarrel between friends or acquaintances
           n.  large fierce animal of the cat family, with yellowish and black stripes, found in Asia .
        adj. like a tiger, esp fiercely energetic
           adj.  fixed, fastened or drawn together firmly; hard to move or undo
         v.  ~ (up) (cause sth to) become tight or tighter
     reluctant to part with money
         adv. in a tight manner
       n.
        excessively frugal person; miser
            n.  slab of baked clay or other material used in rows for covering roofs, walls, floors, etc
            => until
          n. person who tills
            v.  move into a sloping position
          [ tilt: ] to incline or cause to incline at an angle
           n. depth of soil affected by cultivation
          n.  wood prepared for use in building or carpentry
          n. characteristicquality of sound produced by a particular voice or instrument
            n.  all the years of the past, present and future
        adj.  not appearing to be affected by the passing of time
    n.
      n.
          adj. occurring at just the right time; opportune
           n. person or device that times sth
       n. list showing the time at which certain events will take place
        hackneyed, stale
           adj. easily frightened; shy
        timidness ns
         adv.
        adj. timid
             n.  chemical element, a soft white metal used in alloys and for coating iron and steel to prevent corrosion
        n. ~  medical substance dissolved in alcohol
          n. any dry substance that catches fire easily
            n. any of the points or prongs of a fork, harrow, etc  ,
           [ tine: ] a slender prong, esp. of a fork
           v. ~ sth  colour sth slightly
          n.  person who travels from place to place repairing kettles, pans, etc
            n.  shade or variety of a colour
            adj.  very small
             n.  pointed or thin end of sth
          v. be in the habit of drinking alcoholic drinks, esp too often or too much
         n. person who gives tips(tip3 n 2b), usu in return for money
           adj. (infml ) slightly drunk
          n. on `tiptoe on the tips of one's toes; with one's heels not touching the ground
          n. long angry speech of criticism or accusation
            v.  become weary or in need of rest
           adj.  feeling that one would like to sleep or rest
        adj. not tiring easily; energetic
        adj. troublesome, tedious or annoying
          adj. bored
          n.  mass of cells forming the body of an animal or a plant
         adj. gigantic; immense
        a strong malleable white metallic element, which is very corrosion-resistant and occurs in rutile and ilmenite. It is used in the manufacture of strong lightweight alloys, esp. aircraft parts. Symbol: Ti; atomic no.: 22; atomic wt.: 47.88; valency: 2, 3,
           n. one tenth of the annual produce of a farm, etc formerly paid as a tax to support the clergy and the church
       v. stimulate or excite (sb), esp sexually
        v. make (esp oneself) smart or attractive
           n.  name of a book, poem, picture, etc   ,
          n. short nervous laugh
         adj.  having a certain title(
              prep. in the direction of (sth); towards
            n.  frog-like animal that lives on land except when breeding
           n. person who flatters another or treats him with excessive respect in the hope of gain or advantage
           n.  sliced bread made brown and crisp by heating under a grill, in a toaster, etc
         n.  (type of) leaves that are dried, cured and used for smoking (in pipes, cigarettes and cigars) or chewing, or as snuff
          n.  (bell rung as a) signal of alarm
           adv, n  this day
             n.  each of the five divisions of the front part of the human foot .
            n. loose outer garment worn by men in ancient Rome
        adv.  in or into company; with or towards each other
            v.  ~ away (at/over sth) work long or hard
          n.  lavatory
        Laborious.
           n.  sign, symbol or evidence of sth
            pt, pp of tell
       adj.  that can be tolerated; endurable
       adv. in a moderate degree; fairly well
       n. willingness or ability to tolerate sb/sth
        adj. ~ having or showing tolerance
        v.  allow without interfering
      n. action or practice of tolerating (tolerate1
            n.  money paid for the use of a road, bridge, harbour, etc   ,
          n. soft juicy red or yellow fruit eaten raw or cooked as a vegetable
            n. hole dug in the ground, etc for a dead body, esp one with a stone monument over it ,
       n. memorial stone set up over a tomb
            n. large heavy book, esp a scholarly or serious one ,
         adj. very foolish; stupid
        n.  the day after today
             n.  measure of weight, in Britain 2240 lband in the US 2000 lb (short ton) 2240, ; 2000.
           adj.  of tone or tones
        n. (use of a particular) key, esp as the basis of a melody or composition ,
            n.  sound, esp with reference to its pitch, quality, strength, etc
            a secret society or fraternal organization especially of Chinese in the U.S. formerly notorious for gang warfare
           n.  instrument with two movable arms joined at one end, used for picking up and holding things
          n.  movable organ in the mouth, used in tasting, licking, swallowing and speaking
           n.  medicine that gives strength or energy, taken after illness or when tired
         n. the present evening or night
       of or relating to a barber or the work of a barber
         n.  shaving the top or all of the head of a person about to become a priest ormonk
             adv.  in addition; also
            pt of take1
            n.  instrument held in the hand and used for working on sth
           n. each of the hard white bony structures rooted in the gums, used for biting and chewing
       n. pain in a tooth or teeth
      n. paste for cleaning the teeth
             n.  highest part or point
           n. transparent yellow mineral
           n. subject of a discussion, talk, programme, written work, etc
         adj. highest
   adj. a topographical map
      n. features of a place or district, esp the position of its rivers, mountains, roads, buildings, etc
          v.  ~ (over) be unsteady and fall
         n. soil near the surface
     adv, adj  in or into a state of disordered confusion
           n.  small hand-held electric lamp powered by a battery
      n. light of a torch or torches
         n. severe physical or mental suffering
         n. violent and destructive storm over a small area; whirlwind
         n. tube-shaped explosive underwater missile launched against ships by submarines, aircraft or surface ships
          adj. dull and slow; inactive; sluggish ;
       n. torpid condition
          n. torpid condition
          n. twisting force causing rotation in machinery
         n.  violently rushing stream of water, lava, etc
      adj. like a torrent
          adj.  very hot and dry
      [ torrid: ] so hot and dry as to parch or scorch
           n.  main part of the human body, not including the head, arms and legs; trunk
        n. round thin cake of maize flour, usu eaten hot with a filling of meat, etc, esp in Mexico ,
        Wrongful.
        n. slow-moving four-footed reptile with a hard shell
        adj.  full of twists and turns
         n.  deliberately inflicting severe pain, as a punishment or in order to force sb to say or do sth
       Marked by extreme suffering.
            v.  ~ sth (to sb) throw sth lightly or carelessly or easily
           adj. complete; entire
    adj. of a system of government in which there is only one political party and no rival parties or loyalties are allowed, usu demanding that the individual submit totally to the requirements of the State
 n.
        n.  state of being total
         adv. completely; utterly
           n. natural object, esp an animal, considered by N American Indians as the emblem of a clan or family
          v.  walk or move unsteadily; stagger
           v.  be or come together with so that there is no space between
         adj.  made to feel warm sympathy or gratitude
        adj. arousing pity or sympathy
      stone used to test the fineness of gold alloys; criterion
          adj.  easily offended
           adj.  not easily cut, broken, or worn out
       n.
          n. patch of false hair worn to cover a bald spot; small wig ;
            n.  journey for pleasure during which various places of interest are visited
         n.  person who is travelling or visiting a place for pleasure
      n. 1series of contests of skill between a number of competitors,often on a knock-out basis
      n. device for stopping the flow of blood through an artery by twisting sth tightly around a limb
          v. make untidy by pulling or rubbing it about
            v.  ~ try to get people to buy (one's goods or services), esp in an annoyingly insistent way
             v. pull along with a rope, chain, etc
          (now rare)
       prep. in the derection of
         prep  in the direction of
           n.  piece of absorbent cloth or paper for drying oneself or wiping things dry
           n.  tall narrow structure, usu square or circular, either standing alone or forming part of a church or a castle or some other large building
        adj.  extremely or impressively tall or high
            n.  centre of population that is larger than a village but smaller than a city
           adj. poisonous
        n. quality or degree of being toxic
           n. poisonous substance, esp one formed by bacteria in plants and animals and causing a particular disease
             n.  thing to play with, esp for a child
           n.  mark, track, sign, etc showing what has existed or happened
       [ trace: ] a mark or other sign that something has been in a place; vestige
           n.  line or series of marks left by a moving vehicle, person, animal, etc
          marks, such as footprints, tyre impressions, etc., left by someone or something that has passed
           n.  large stretch or area of land
    n.
       adj. easily guided, handled or controlled; docile ;
        n.  pulling sth along a surface
         n.  powerful motor vehicleused for pulling farm machinery or other heavy equipment
           n.  ~ (with sb/sth) exchange of goods or services for money or other goods; buying and selling
       the name or other symbol used to identify the goods produced by a particular manufacturer or distributed by a particular dealer and to distinguish them from products associated with competing manufacturers or dealers.
          n. person who trades; merchant ; .
       n.  person who comes to people's homes to deliver goods
       n. passing of beliefs or customs from one generation to the next, esp without writing
     adj. according to or being tradition
  n. respect or support for tradition, esp as contrasted with modern or new practices
  n. person who follows or supports tradition
         v. saydamaging untrue things about (sb/sth); slander or defame;
         n.  vehicles moving along a road or street
       n.  writer of tragedies
     n. actress in tragedy
         n.  terrible event that causes great sadness
          adj.  causing great sadness, esp because extremely unfortunate or having terrible consequences
      adv: her tragically short life
           n.  mark or sign in the form of a long line left by sth or sb passing by
         n.  truck or other wheeled container pulled by another vehicle
           n.  railway engine with several carriages or trucks linked to and pulled by it
         n. person being trained for a job, etc
        n. process of preparing or being prepared for a sport or job
           n. element in sb's personality; distinguishing characteristic
         n. ~  person who betrays a friend, his country, a cause, etc
      n. curved path of sth that has been fired, hit or thrown into the air, eg a missile
            n. public passenger vehicle,usu driven by electricity, running on rails laid along the streets of a town n public passenger vehicle,usu driven by electricity, running on rails laid along the streets of a town
         v. (fml or rhet ) take away the freedom of action of (sb); hamper; impede
           v.  walk with heavy or noisy steps
         v.  ~ sth/sb (down) tread heavily on sth/sb so as to cause damage or destruction
          n.  sleep-like state, caused eg by being hypnotized
        adj. calm, quiet and undisturbed
     Calmness.
     To soothe.
    [ tranquillizer: ] a drug that calms a person without affecting clarity of consciousness
    n. tranquil condition
    v. make calmer or sleepy, esp by means of a drug
   n. drug for making an anxious person feel calm; sedative
        v. ~ sth (fml ) conduct or carry out (business), esp between two people
     n.  ~ transacting
     Situated on the other side of the Alps.
   adj.  on or from the other side of the Atlantic
       v.  be or go beyond the range of (human experience, belief, powers of description, etc)
   transcendency  ns
    adj. extremely great; supreme
  adjgoing beyond the limits of humanknowledge, experience or reason, esp in a mystical or religious way
adj. crossing a continent
      v.  ~ sth copy sth in writing
      n.  written or recorded copy of what has been said or written
   n.  action or process of transcribing
        v. ~ sth/sb (from...) (to...) move sth/sb from one place to another
    adj. that can be transferred
      The person to whom a transfer is made.
    n. transferring or being transferred
     v. change the appearance of (sb/sth), esp so as to make him/it nobler or more beautiful
       v. ~ sth/sb (into sth) completely change the appearance or character of sth/sb
   adj. that can be transformed
  n. transforming or being transformed
     [ transform: ] to alter or be altered radically in form, function, etc.
     n. apparatus for increasing or reducing the voltage of an electric power supply, to allow a particular piece of electrical equipment to be used
       To pour or cause to pass, as a fluid, from one vessel to another.
     n. act or process of putting one person's blood into another person's body
      v.  go beyond (the limit of what is morally or legally acceptable)
   n. transgressing
    n. person who transgresses; sinner ;
      transiency  ns
       adj. lasting for only a short time; brief; fleeting
      n.  small electronic device used in radios, televisions, etc for controlling an electrical signal as it passes along a circuit
         n.  process of going or being taken or transported from one place to another
      n. ~ (to sth) (instance of) changing from one state or condition to another
    adj. a transitional stage
   [ transition: ] change or passage from one state or stage to another
  n.
      adj. lasting for only a short time; transient
    adj. that can be translated
       v.  ~ (from sth) (into sth) express (sth spoken or esp written) in another language or in simpler words
     n.  translating
      n. person who translates
    translucency  ns
     adj. allowinglight to pass through but not transparent
   That may e sent through or across.
    n.  action or process of transmitting or being transmitted
        To send trough or across.
    v. (joc ) completely change the appearanceor character of (sb/sth), esp in a magical or a surprising way
    adj. n. nother word for: tramontan
    adj. that can be transmuted
       v. ~sth change sth (into sth completely different)
    n.  state of being transparent
     adj.  allowinglight to pass through so that objects behind can be seen clearly
       v.  (of an event, a secret, etc) become known
      v. ~ sth (to...); ~ sth (in/into sth) remove (a growing plant) with its roots and replant it elsewhere
 n.
       v. ~ sth/sb (to...)  take sth/sb from one place to another in a vehicle
   adj. that can be transported
  n.  = transport
       v.  cause to change places
   n. transposing or being transposed
     n.  person who emotionally feels himself or herself to be a member of the opposite sex
      adj. lying or acting in a crosswise direction
            n.  device for catching animals, etc
         n. horizontal bar hung from ropes, used as a swing by acrobats and gymnasts
       n. (geometry)  (Brit) (US trapezoid) four-sided figure with one pair of opposite sides parallel and the other pair not .
        [ trap: ] a mechanical device or enclosed place or pit in which something, esp. an animal, is caught or penned
       n. outward signs of prestige, wealth, etc
           n.  material, writing, etc of poor quality
          adj. of poor quality
          n.  (psychology ) emotional shock producing a lasting harmful effect
       adj.  of or causing trauma
         n.  painful effort
          v.  make a journey
      n. film or lecture about travel
        v. travel, lie or extendacross
        n. ~ absurd imitation of or inferior substitute for sth
           n.  large net with a wide opening, dragged along the bottom of the sea by a boat
            n.  flat piece of wood, metal, plastic, etc with raised edges, used for carrying or holding things, esp food
     adj.  behaving withor showing treachery
 [ treacherous: ] betraying or likely to betray faith or confidence
       n. betrayinga person or cause, esp secretly
         n. thick sticky dark liquid produced when sugar is refined
           v.  ~ (on, etc sth/sb) set one's foot down; walk or step
       n.  mill-wheel turned by the weight of people or animals treading on steps round its inside edge
         n. treachery to one's country or its ruler (eg by plotting to kill him)
     adj. a treasonable offence, ie one that can be punished as treason
        n.  gold, silver, jewels, etc
       n. person responsible for the money, bills, etc of a club or society ,
        n.  the Treasury government department that controls public revenue
           v.  ~ sb act or behave in a certain way towards sb
       adj. a treatable cancer
        n. ~ long written work dealing systematically with one subject
       n.  process or manner of treating sb or sth
          n.  formal agreement between two or more countries
          adj. n three times as much or as many
          Triply.
            n.  large long-lasting type of plant, having a thick central wooden stem (the trunk) from which wooden branches grow, usu bearing leaves
        adj. without trees
            n. long hard journey, esp on foot
         v.  ~ (with sth)shake involuntarily (from fear, cold, weakness, etc); quiver
        n. spring that makes an electrical contact when shaken
      adj.  very great; immense
          n.  slight shaking or trembling
       adj.  tremblingfrom nervousness or weakness
          n. ditch dug in the ground, eg for drainage or to give troops shelter from enemy fire
       adj. strongly and effectively expressed; penetrating
     n. (idm ) a good, etc trencherman (joc ) person who usually eats a lot
           n.  general tendency or direction
          v. (medical ) = trephine
     n. great worry or fear about sth unpleasant that may happen
        v.  ~ enter sb's land or property without his permission or other authority
      n. person who trespasses
           n.  lock of a person's hair
         [ tress: ] [often pl]  a lock of hair, esp. a long lock of woman's hair
         n. structure of wood, metal, etc withlegs, used in pairs to support planks, a table-top, a bench,etc   ,
           n.  group or set of three related people or things
           n.  examination of evidence in a lawcourt, by a judge and often a jury, to decide if sb accused of a crime is innocent or guilty
        n.  geometric figure withthree straight sides and three angles
      adj.  shaped like a triangle
          adj. of a tribe or tribes
           n.  racial group united by language, religion, customs, etc and living as a community under one or more chiefs
     n.  (sad event, accident, illness, etc that causes) great trouble or suffering
        n. group of officials with the authority to settle certain types of dispute
         Any champion of the rights and liberties of the people: often used as the name for a newspaper.
       n. river or stream that flows into a larger one or into a lake
         n.  action, statement or gift that is meant to show one's respect or admiration
           n. in a trice very quickly or suddenly
           n.  thing done in order to deceive or outwit sb
        n. deception; cheating ;
         v.  flow in a thin stream
       [ trickle: ] to run or cause to run in thin or slow streams
       n. person who tricks or cheats people; swindler ;
        Of three colors.
        n. vehicle like a bicycle but with one wheel at the front and two at the back
         n. spear with three points
       adj. lasting for or happening every three years
     adv: The games occur triennially
          n.  thing, question or activity that has little value or importance
         n. person who trifles
        adj. unimportant; trivial
            neat or spruce
         n. lever that releases a spring, esp so as to fire a gun
      adj. involving three sides, groups, countries, etc
        n, pron, det  (the number) 1000000000000000000; one million million million.
      n, pron, det. For the use of trillion and trillionth see the examples at hundred and hundredth.  trillion  trillionth  hundred  hundredth
         n. group of three related works, esp three novels or operas
            v.  make (sth) neat or smooth by cutting away irregular parts
         n.  group of three things or people; trio ;
         n. small ornament, piece of jewellery, etc of little value
            n.  group of three people or things
            v.  ~ (over/up) catch one's foot on sth and stumble or fall
          adj.  having three parts or involving three people, groups, etc
      n. in triplicate consisting of three identical copies, of which one is the original
      The state of being triple or threefold.
          n. support with three legs for a camera, telescope, etc
         v. divide into three equal parts
           adj. not new or original, because often used; hackneyed; commonplace  ,
         n.  being successful or victorious
       adj.  of or for a triumph
      adj. having triumphed
        One of three men united coordinately in public office or authority.
     n. ruling group of three people
          n. unimportant things, details or pieces of information
         adj. that has little importance
      n.  state of being trivial
      to cause to seem trivial or more trivial; minimize
            pt of tread
         pp of tread
      n. person living in a cave, esp in prehistoric times
         n.  cart on wheels that can be pushed or pulled along and is used for moving goods
           n.  large group of people or animals, esp when moving
           n. figurative use of a word or phrase
          n.  object awarded as a prize, esp for winning a sports tournament
          n.  line of latitude
        adj. of, like or found in the tropics
            n. Trotskyst
           n. (idm ) plight one's troth
         n.  worry, pain, difficulty, danger, etc
        [ trouble: ] a state or condition of mental distress or anxiety
     adj. giving trouble; causing annoyance, pain, etc
          n.  long narrow open box for animals to feed or drink from
         v.  defeat heavily
          n. group of performing artists, esp those of a circus or ballet ,
         adj. of or for trousers
        n.  outer garment covering both legs and reaching from the waist to the ankles
           n.  any of various types of freshwater fish that are good to eat and fished for by anglers
           See: treasure-trov
          n.  small tool with a flat blade, used for spreading mortar on bricks or stone, plaster on walls, etc ,
         n. playing truant
          n.  child who stays away from school without permission
           n. agreement between enemies or opponents to stop fighting for a certain time
           n.  open railway wagon for carrying goods
         v. truckle to sb accept sb's orders or authority in a timid or cowardly way
      agressiveness; ferocity
       adj. defiantand aggressive
          v. walk slowly or with difficulty because one is tired, on a long journey, etc
            adj.  corresponding to known facts
          n. statement that is obviouslytrue, esp one that does not say anything important, eg Nothing lasts for ever ,
           adv.  truthfully
        adj. showy but of little value
         n.  brass musical instrument with a bright ringing tone
       a person who plays the trumpet, esp. one whose duty it is to play fanfares, signals, etc.
        v. shorten by cutting off the top or end
       (Maths)  (of a cone, pyramid, prism, etc.) having an apex or end removed by a plane intersection that is usually nonparallel to the base
      [ truncate: ] vt. to shorten by cutting off a part, end, or
       n. short thick stick carried as a weapon, esp by police officers
           n.  main stem of a tree, from which the branches grow .
           n.  padded belt worn by a personsuffering from a hernia
           n.  ~ belief or willingness to believe that one can rely on the goodness, strength, ability, etc of sb/sth
    [ trust: ] reliance on and confidence in the truth, worth, reliability, etc., of a person or thing; faith
         n.  person who is responsible for managing a trust1
        [ trustful: ] trusting
 n.
     adj. worthy of trust; reliable ;
           n. quality or state of being true
        adj.  honest in what he says; never lying
    n.
             v.  make an attempt
           meeting
             n.  (often in compounds ) open flat-bottomed (usu round) container used for washing clothes, holding liquids, growing plants, etc
            n.  long hollow cylinder of metal, glass, rubber, etc for holding or conveying liquids, gases, etc
           n. short thick rounded part of an underground stem or root (eg of a dahlia) which stores food and produces buds from which new plants will grow
    n. infectious wasting disease in which growths appear on body tissue, esp the lungs
            n.  flat fold stitched into a garment, etc to make it smaller or for ornament
         n. the third day of the week, next after Monday
             v. ~ (at sth) pull (sth) hard or violently
         a strongly built powerful boat used for towing and pushing
         n. (esp fml ) teaching or instruction, esp that given to individuals or small groups
           n. garden plant growing from a bulb in spring, with a large brightly-coloured cup-shaped flower on a tall stem .
          v.  (cause sb/sth to) fall, esp helplessly or violently, but usu without serious injury
         n.  flat-bottomed straight-sided drinking-glass with no handle or stem    .
         n. open cart, esp of the kind used to carry condemned people to the guillotine during the French Revolution
           adj. (of parts of the body) swollen
          n.  disturbance or confusion, esp of a large mass of people
      adj.  disorderly or confused; violent
            n. (also tunny) large sea-fish, eaten as food ,
          n. vast flat treeless Arctic regions of Europe, Asia and N America where the subsoil is permanently frozen
            n.  melody, esp a well-marked one
           n.  person who tunes musical instruments,esp pianos
           n.  close-fitting jacket worn as part of a uniform by police officers, soldiers, etc
          n.  underground passage, eg for a road or railway through a hill or under a river or the sea
          adj.  (of liquids) opaque or muddy; not clear
       turbidness ns
         n. machine or motor driven by a wheel which is turned by a current of water, steam, air or gas
      n.  unrest or disturbance
       adj.  moving violently and unevenly
          n. deep dish with a lid from which soup, vegetables, etc are served at table
          adj.  (of language, style, etc) pompous and difficult to follow; boring
          n.  large bird reared to be eaten, esp at Christmas
         adj. of Turkey, its people or its language
         n. great disturbance, agitation or confusion
            v. * MOVEMENT AROUND A CENTRAL POINT
off         leave one road in order to travel on another
        n. person who changes from one side, party, etc to another
         n. place where one road leads off from another
          n.  plant with a round white, or white and purple, root
         adj. built and handed over ready for use, occupation, etc
       n. state or quality of being wicked; depravity ;
       n.  type of greenish-blue precious stone
          n.  small tower on top of a larger tower or at the corner of a building or defensive wall
          n.  large reptile that lives in the sea and has flippers and a large horny shell
            n. either of a pair of very long pointed teeth that project from the mouth of certain animals, eg the elephant, walrus and wild boar   .
          n. struggle or fight, esp to take sth away from sb
        n.  protection of and authority over a person, country, etc; guardianship
         Protective.
        adj. acting as a guardian or protector
           n.  private teacher, esp one who teaches a single pupil or a very small group
       The office of a guardian.
          n. (US) = dinner-jacket (dinner)
         n. nonsense or writing of low quality
            adj. attractive to those with sentimental or poor taste
         pron, det 1
          pron, det 1
       pron. det 20th; next after nineteen 20 . n. one of twenty equal parts of sth
          pron, det 20; one more than nineteen 20.
           adv.  two times
            n. small thin branch that grows out of a larger branch on a shrub or tree
          adj. having many twigs
        n.  faint light after sunset or before sunrise
            n.  either of a pair of children or young animals born of the same mother at the same time
          n.  short sudden spasm of pain
         v.  shine with a light that changes constantly from bright to faint
       n. in the ,twinkling of an `eye very quickly; instantaneously
           v.  turn quickly and lightly round and round; spin
           v.  ~ sth (round sth/round) coil or wind sth round sth else
            n. stupid or annoying person
         v.  make a series of light short sounds; chirp
             pron, det 1
         adj. adv  twice as much or as many
          n. wealthy and powerful businessman or industrialist; magnate
            n.  ~ class or group of people or things that have characteristics in common; kind
      n. machine for producing characters similar to those of print by pressing keys which cause raised metal letters, etc to strike the paper, usu through inked ribbon
         n. serious infectious feverish disease that attacks the intestines, caused by bacteria taken into the body in food or drink
         n. violent tropical hurricane that occurs in the western Pacific
         adj. ~  having the distinctive qualities of a particular type of person or thing; representative
          v. (usu not in the continuous tenses ) be arepresentative example of (sb/sth)
          => type2
            an error (as of spelling) in typed or typeset material
   Pertaining to typography or printing.
      n.  art or practice of printing
      adj. of or like a tyrant; obtaining obedience by force or threats
         n.  cruel, unjust or oppressive use of power or authority
          n. cruel, unjust or oppressive ruler, esp one who has obtained complete power by force; despot ;
            n. covering fitted round the rim of a wheel to absorb shocks, usu of reinforced rubber filled with air or covering a pneumatic inner tube
            beginner; novice
               adj. thought to be characteristic of the upper class
      adj. (seeming to be) present everywhere or in several places at the same time
        n. quality of being ubiquitous
            adj.  unpleasant to look at or to hear
           n. open sore containing poisonous matter on the outside of the body or on the surface of an internal organ
        v. become affected with an ulcer or ulcers
        adj. beyond what is obvious or admitted
        adj.  beyond which no other exists or is possible; last or final
      adv.  in the end; finally
       n. final demand or statement of terms to be accepted without discussion, eg one sent to a foreign government and threatening war if the conditions are not accepted
    Beyond the mountains, especially beyond the Alps (that is, on their Italian side).
    adj. extending beyond the world, this life, or the univers
      adj. pitched above the upper limit of human hearing
     adj.  (of radiation) with a wavelengththat is just beyond the violet end of the visible spectrum
         n. give `umbrage; take `umbrage (at sth) (fml or joc ) (make sb) feel offended or slighted
        n.  folding frame of spokes attached to a stick and handle and covered with fabric, used to shelter a person from rain
          n. (in tennis, cricket, etc) person appointed to see that the rules are observed and to settle disputes  .
         pron, det too many to count; numerous
       pron, det
       adj. not ashamed, embarrassed or awed, esp when there is reason for being so
        adj. as strong,violent, serious, etc as before
          adj. ~ to do sth not having the ability, opportunity or authority to do sth
    adj. that cannot be accepted, approved or forgiven
    adv: unacceptably low standards
   adj.  that cannot be explained or accounted for
   adj.  not mixed with other substances; pure
       rash or unwise
      adj.  ~ not changed or affected (by sth)
       adj. not mixed,eg with negative feelings; pure
       n. complete agreement or unity
       adj. ~ (in sth) all agreeing on a decision or an opinion
    adj. that cannot be attacked or conquered
      adj. not drawing attention to oneself or to one's merits or rank; modest
      adj.  not connected with or belonging to a particular body, group, etc
      adj. without effect or success; futile
     adj. that cannotbe avoided
     adv: unavoidably absent/delayed
         adj. ~ ignorant or not conscious of sth
        adv.  by surprise; unexpectedly
       v. upset the balance of
      adj.  insane, abnormal or eccentric
      adj. that cannot be tolerated or endured
      adv: unbearably hot, painful,selfish
      adj.  not suited to the wearer
        n. lack of belief or state of not believing, esp in God, religion, etc
          v.  (cause sth/sb to) become changed from a bent position; straighten
        Impartial, as judgment.
        adv.  not requested, invited or ordered
     adj. that cannotbe broken
        to remove the bridle from (a horse)
       adj. not controlled or checked
       adv: an uncannily accurate prediction
         adj. unnatural
   adj.  without proper formality or dignity
       adj.  ~ (about/of sth) not knowing definitely
     n. state of being uncertain
    adj. severe orharsh, esp in judging others
       adj.  not marked on a map or chart
       adj. not resistedor restrained
           n.  brother of one's father or mother; husband of one's aunt
         adj. (of food) that cannot be eaten; forbidden as spiritually impure
     [ unclean: ] adj. lacking moral, spiritual, ritual, or physical cleanliness
         adj. not clear or definite; ambiguous
   adj.  not comfortable
   adv.  not comfortably
     adj. ~ not bound or pledged to (a particular policy, course of action, group, etc)
        adj.  not common; unusual
 adj. disinclined to talk or give information or opinions
       n. lack of care or interest
     adj.  ~not feeling or showing concern; uninterested
   adj. not subject to conditions; absolute
     adj. not proved to be true; not confirmed
  adj. unreasonable or excessive
  adv: an unconscionably shy young man
     adj.  not conscious; insensible
   adv: He unconsciously imitated his father
 n.  being unconscious; lack ofconsciousness; insensibility
  adj. incapable of being controlled or managed
  adj. not conforming to accepted rules or standards
[ unconventional: ] adj. not conforming to accepted rules or standards
         adj. rough, awkward or ill-mannered; not refined   ,
         v.  remove a cover or covering from
       not covered; revealed or bare
         n.  action of anointing with oil as a religious rite
        adj. insincerelyearnest or flattering, esp in an oily way
       adj. not discouraged or intimidated; fearless
       v. free (sb) from an illusion or a deception
      adj. not declared or shown to the Customs officers
      adj. that cannot be disputed or denied; undoubtedly true
      adv. undeniably difficult
           prep  in, to or through a position directly below
        v.  make a lower bid than (sb else), eg at an auction
     v. ~ (for sth) charge (sb) too low a price (for sth)
    n. (also fml  underclothing  )= underwear
    n.  currentof water flowing below the surface or below another current
        n. (meat cut from the) underside of sirloin
  adj.  not fully grown or developed
        n. person or country, thought to be in a weaker position, and therefore unlikely to win a contest, struggle, etc
   v. make too low an estimate of
  [ underestimate: ] to make too low an estimate of
     v. expose for too short a time or in too poor a light
    n. article of underclothing
       strengthen the base of
         v. experience or endure (sth unpleasant or painful)
   n. university or college student who has not yet taken his first or bachelor's degree
     adv.  under the surface of the ground
       adj. done or doing things in a sly or secret way; deceitful
     Clandestinely carried on.
        n. layer of felt, foam, rubber, etc laid for support and insulation
        v.  lie or exist beneath (sth)
       v.  draw a line under
       n. person in a subordinate and inferior position
       v.  make a hollow or tunnel beneath (sth); weaken at the base
      prep beneath (sth); below
        v.  support (a wall, etc) from below with masonry, etc
       v. give too littleimportance to
       v. have toolow an opinion of
      v. = underline
       v. sell (goods) at a lower price than (one's competitors)
      adj. of less than the usual size
       pt, pp of undersell
      v. (not used in the continuoustenses )  grasp the meaning of (words, a language, a person, etc)
  adj. that can beunderstood or sympathized with
   n.  power of clear thought; intelligence
      v.  state or express in a very controlled way
     [ understate: ] to state (something) in restrained terms, often to obtain an ironic effect
  n. (action or practice of) understating
      n. ~ person who learns the part of another in a play, etc in order to be able to take his place at short notice if necessary
       v. (fml )  (start to) make oneself responsible for (sth)
      n. person whose business is to prepare the dead for burial or cremation and arrange funerals
     n.  work, etc that one has undertaken; task or enterprise
      v. ~ sb/sth put too low a value on sb/sth
     [ undervalue: ] to value at too low a level or price
      adj. situated or used or done below the surface of the water
       n. clothes worn under a shirt, dress, etc next to the skin
       pt of undergo
      n. the underworld  place under the earth inhabited by the departed spirits of the dead
      v.  sign and accept liability under (an insurance policy, esp for ships), thus guaranteeing payment in the event of loss or damage ,
      adj. not fair or just
    adv.
     adj.  likely to cause trouble or inconvenience; unwanted
           pt of undo
      lacking a clear purpose or objective
 adj. lacking any outstanding feature; mediocre or poor
       adj. give one's undivided attention (to sth/sb); get/have sb's undivided attention concentrate fully (on sth/sb); be the one thing or person that sb attends to
            v.  untie or unfasten (knots, buttons, etc); open (a parcel, an envelope, etc) ,
         n. cause of sb's ruin or downfall
          adj.  untied, unfastened oropened
       adj. not doubted or questioned; indisputable
     adv. without doubt
     adj. not fit to be drunk, because of impurity or poor quality
           adj. more than is right or proper; excessive
        v. have a wave-like movement or appearance
      [ undulate: ] to move or cause to move in waves or as if in waves
          adv. more than is right or proper; excessively
        adj.  not gained by working
         v. ~ sth  uncover or obtain sth from the ground by digging
       adj.  supernatural or mysterious or frightening
      [ uneasy: ] (of a person) anxious; apprehensive
          adj.  ~ (about/atsth) troubled or anxious
    n. state of being unemployed
    easy-going/trifle
        adj.  everlasting orunceasing
     adj. having only one possible meaning; clear and unmistakeable
   adv: state one's intentions unequivocally
        adj. not making mistakes or failing or missing the mark; consistently accurate
      adv.
     a less common word for: inessential
          adj.  not level or smooth or regular
      adj. without precedent or paralle
 adj. that cannot be criticized; entirely satisfactory
   adv. not outstanding or unusual; quite ordinary ;
      adj. causing surprise because not expected
    adv.
       adj.  never coming to an end; constant
     adv. at all times
          adj.  ~ not rightor just
      n.
      adj. ~  having committed adultery
  n.
     steadfast
      adj.  ~ not well known
   n.
        verb  to undo, untie, or open or become undone, untied, or opene
    adj.  so deep that the bottom cannot be reached
     Adverse.
       adj. not pretended; genuine or sincere
        to release from fetters, bonds, etc.
      [ unfetter: ] to release from fetters, bonds, etc.
      incomplete or imperfect
           adj.  ~ not of the required standard; unsuitable
      adj. not showing signs of tiredness; untiring
     adj. remaining calm in a crisis; imperturbable
       immature
          v.  open or spread out from a folded state
      adj. not known inadvance; unexpected
        adj. not having developed fully; immature
     adj.  havingor causing bad luck; unlucky
   adv. ~ regrettably; unluckily
       adj. with no basis in fact; groundless
      adj. ~ (to/towards sb) hostile or unsympathetic
         v. dismiss from the priesthood
          v. unroll, unfold or spread out
        adj. clumsy or awkward; not graceful
    adj. impossible or difficult to control; violent
      adj. liberal; unstinted; willing
       adj.  not guarded
         ointment
         adj.  sad or miserable; not happy
       adj.  not having or not showing good health
    steadfast; unwavering
         v. cause to become mentally unbalanced
     adj. (of an organism) consisting of a single cell
         n. mythical animal resemblinga horse with a single straight horn projecting from its forehead .
    adj. that cannot be identified
     n.
         [ unify: ]
         adj. not changing in form or character; unvarying
      sameness; consistency; monotony
       [ uniform: ] a prescribed identifying set of clothes for the members of an organization, such as soldiers or schoolchildren
           v. form (sth) into a single unit or make uniform
      adj. done by or affecting one person, group, country, etc and not another; one-sided
   adj. that cannot be doubted or questioned; trustworthy
     unrepressed
      adj. without imagination or inspiration; dull
  adj. impossible to understand
    adj. ~ having or showing no interest or concern; indifferent; .
           n.  ~ (act or instance of) uniting or being united
    [ unionize: ] to organize (workers) into a trade union
          adj.  being the only one of its type
        adv: She is uniquely suited to the job
      n.
          n. in unison (with sb/sth) sounding or singing together the same musical note (or the same note in different octaves)
            n.  individual thing, person or group regarded for purposes of calculation, etc as single and complete, or as part of a complex whole
       n, adj of the Christian religious sect which rejects the doctrine of the Trinity and believes that God is one person
         of a unit or units
           v.  ~ (with sb/sth) (cause people or things to) become one; come or bring together; join
           n.  state of being one or a unit; oneness
       adj. of, belonging to, affecting or done by all people or things in the world or in a particular group
    n.
     adv. by everyone or in every case
        n.  the universe all existing things, including the earth and its creatures and all the stars, planets, etc in space
      n. (colleges,buildings, etc of an) institution that teaches and examinesstudents in many branches of advanced learning, awardingdegrees and providing facilities for academic research
        unambiguous or unmistakable
          adj. not just; not fair or deserved
   adj. that cannot be justified or excused
        adv: She was unjustly imprisoned without trial
         adj. not kept tidy; looking dishevelled or neglected
          adj. not having or showing kindness; cruel or harsh
         adj. ~  not known or identified
        adj. against the law; illegal
         v. ~ sth set sth free from a leash or restraint
          conj if...not; except if or except when ;
      adj. unable to read; uneducated ;
          adj. dissimilar; different
        adj. not likely or expected to happen
       adj. not limited; very great in number or quantity
          v.  ~ sth (from sth) remove a load from (sth); remove (a load) from sth
          v.  unfasten the lock of using a key
         adj. not lucky; having or bringing bad luck; unfortunate
     adj. having no accompanying advantages whatever; complete; absolute
         adj. not affected by feelings of pity, sympathy, etc
       adj.  not natural or normal; differing from what is the usual or expected
     adv: Not unnaturally, she was greatly upset by her father's sudden death. * an unnaturally jovial manner
     adj. not necessary or desirable; superfluous
       adj. not observed or noticed
     adj. not too obvious or easily noticeable; not drawing attention to itself or himself; discreet
      adj. not in accordance with what is orthodox, conventional or traditional
          v. take packed things out of (sth)
          adj.  not yet paid
     adj.  not palatable; unpleasant to taste
      adj. not pleasant; disagreeable
       adj. ~ not popular; not liked or enjoyed by a person, a group or people in general
   adj. without precedent; never having happened, been done or been known before
   adj. that cannot be predicted
  adj. not previously and deliberately considered or planned; spontaneous
 adj. not attractive or appealing in appearance
   adj. not showy or pompous; modest
    adj. without moral principles; unscrupulous; dishonest
    not productive of (anything)
    not making a profit
      adj. without provocation; not caused by previous action
     adj. ~ (as sth/for sth/to do sth) without legal or official qualifications for doing sth
  adj. beyond doubt; certain; indisputable
         v.  (cause sth woven, knotted or tangled to) separate into strands
     [ unready: ] not ready or prepared
    adj.  not reasonable in attitude, etc
     adj. (of a person or of attitudes, beliefs, etc) not using or guided by reason
       (of substances such as petroleum, ores, and sugar) not processed into a pure or usable form
    unrepentant; unreformed
     adv. not reducing in intensity, etc; continuous; relentless
     adj. never relaxingor ceasing; incessant; persistent
      adj. (esp of love) not returned or rewarded
      adj.  not reserved for or allocated to a particular personin advance
    adv. without reservation or restriction; openly
    adj. not restrained; not held back or controlled; unchecked
          adj. not easy to control or discipline; disorderly
          adj.  not expressed; unspoken
        distasteful; morally offensive
       adj. not injured or hurt; unharmed
      having received no training or schooling
    not consistent with the methods or principles of science, esp. lacking objectivity
         v. loosen (a screw, nut, etc) by turning it; unfasten (sth) by removing screws
    adj. withoutmoral principles
n.
        adj. (of behaviour,etc) not proper or seemly; unbecoming
       adj. not selfish or greedy; generous
        v. disturb the normal calm state of (sth/sb); upset
       adj. unstable or upset or disturbed
      [ unsettle: ] [usually tr]  to change or become changed from a fixed or settled condition
       adj. not pleasant to look at; ugly
       adj. not having or requiringspecial skill or training
      [ unskilful: ] lacking dexterity or proficiency
  [ unskilful: ] lacking dexterity or proficiency
 adj.  simple and natural
         adj.  in poor condition; weak
     adj. that cannot be expressed in words; indescribable
     adv: an unspeakably vile habit
       unspoilt
        understood without needing to be spoken; tacit
       without spots or stains
        adj.  likely to move or fall; not firm
        adj.  not firm or secure
      adj. ~ givingfreely and generously
    adj.
       adj. natural and unaffected
        adj. not yet used or exploited
       adj. that cannot be defended
     adj. too unlikely or undesirable to be considered; inconceivable
          adj. not neat or orderly
           to unfasten or free (a knot or something that is tied) or (of a knot or something that is tied) to become unfastened
           conj up to the time when
        adj.  happening at an unsuitable time
        without a title
            prep. to
          adj.  not told
        adj. inconvenient or unfortunate; awkward
         adj. not yet tried or tested
         n. (fml euph) untrue statement; lie
       adj. untaught or untrained; unsophisticated
         adj.  rare or exceptional
       adv. exceptionally or extremely
     adj. too great, intense, etc to be expressed in words
     adv: unutterably foolish
        adj. ~ in sth not experienced or skilled in sth
        adj. not wanted
     adj. unjustified or unauthorized
       (of persons) not welcome
        adj. awkward to move or control because of its shape, size or weight
       adj. not willing or inclinedto do sth; reluctant
     adv: agree unwillingly to a request
   [ unwilling: ] unfavourably inclined; reluctant
          v.  ~ sth (from sth) (cause sth to) become drawn out from a roll, ball, etc
          adj. not wise; foolish
       adj.  not knowing or aware
     adv: If I offended you it was unwittingly.
        adj. not customary or usual
       adj. spiritually-minded; not worldly
        adj.  lacking worth or merit
         pt, pp of unwind
      adj. ~ not giving way to pressure or influence, etc; firm
          To separate.
              adv. part  to or in an upright position (esp one suggesting readiness for activity)
         v. ~ sb (dated or fml ) scold or reproach sb
          A throwing upward.
          v.  bring up to date; modernize
         v. ~ sb/sth raise sb/sth to a higher grade or rank
        n. sudden violent upwardmovement
         To raise or lift with effort.
          v.  support (a decision, etc) against attack
       v. ~ sth provide (an armchair, etc) with padding, springs, fabric covering, etc
     n. person whose trade is to upholster furniture
      n.  trade of an upholsterer
            prep  = on
           adj.  higher in place or position; situated above another part
       adj. highest in place or position or importance
         adj.  in a vertical position; erect
     n.
          n. noise and excitement or anger; tumult
      adj. very noisy or high-spirited
          v.  pull out of the ground together with its roots
           v.  (cause sth to) become overturned or spilt, esp accidentally
          n. the ~ the final result or outcome
     adj. adv with the upper part underneath instead of on top
         adj. adv  at or towards the back of a theatre stage
        adv.  up the stairs; to or on an upper floor
         n. person who has suddenly risen to wealth or a high position, esp one who behaves arrogantly and causes resentment
         n. ~ (in sth) sudden increase in sth; rise
         n. ~ (esp sudden) upward movement or trend; improvement
          n. quick/,slow on the `uptake quick/slow to understand what is meant
         adj. ~ (infml )  nervously tense
      adj. modern or fashionable
          n. ~ upward trend in business, fortune, etc; improvement
          adj. moving, leading or pointing to what is higher, more important, etc
         from a lower to a higher place, level, condition, etc.
         n. chemical element,a heavy grey radioactive metal used as a source of nuclear energy .
           adj. of, situated in or living in a city or town
          adj. having or showing refined manners, smooth elegance and sophistication
        Refined or elegant courtesy.
          n.  (esp dated ) mischievous or naughty child, esp a boy
            v.  drive forcibly or hurry in a certain direction
         The pressure of necessity.
          adj.  needing immediate attention, action or decision
          bearlike; pertaining to a bear
              pers pron me and another or others; me and you
           n.  manner of using sth; treatment
             v. ~ sth (for sth/doing sth); ~ sth (as sth) employ sth for a purpose; bring sth into service
            adj. having been worn, used, etc before; second-hand  ,
          adj.  that can be used for some practical purpose; serviceable or helpful
        adv: Is there anything I can usefully do here?
         adj.  not serving a useful purpose; not producing good results
            n. person or thing that uses
   adj. easy for non-experts to use; not difficult or intimidating
           n.  person who shows people to their seats in a cinema, church, public hall, etc or into sb's presence
           adj.  such as happens or is done or used, etc in many or most instances; customary
         adv. in the way that is usual; most often
        Taking unlawful or exorbitant interest on money loaned.
           v. take (sb's power, right, position) wrongfully or by force
           n. (lending of money at) excessively high interest
         n. implement or container, esp for everyday use in the home
         vt. (=utilize) to put to use, especially to find a profitable or practical use for
     adj.  designed to be useful rather than luxurious or decorative, etc; severely practical
  The ethical doctrine that actions are right because they are useful or of beneficial tendency.
         n.  quality of being useful
     [ utilize: ] to make practical or worthwhile use of
         to make practical or worthwhile use of
          adj. greatest; furthest; most extreme
          n. imaginary place or state of things in which everything is perfect
         adj. having or aiming for the perfection of Utopia but impossible to achieve; idealistic
           adj. complete; total; absolute
         adv: She utterly despises him. * We failed utterly to convince them
        adj. excessively fond of one's wife
         n.  unoccupied accommodation
          adj.  not filled or occupied; empty
          v. cease to occupy (a place or position)
        n.  any of the intervals between terms in universities and lawcourts
       v. ~ sb/sth protect sb/sth (against a disease) by injecting vaccine
     n. vaccinating or being vaccinated
         n. substance that is injected into the bloodstream and protects the body by making it have a mild form of the disease
       v. ~ (fml usu derog , ) keep changing one's mind; move backwards and forwards between two emotions
     n. (instance of) vacillating
         n.  lack ofpurpose, meaning or intelligence
         adj. showing or suggesting absence of thought or intelligence; inane
     n.
          n.  space that is completely empty of all matter orgas(es)
        n. wanderer or vagrant, esp an idle or dishonest one
          n. strange,unusual or capricious change; whim
        n. being a vagrant
         n. person without a settled home or regular work; tramp
           adj.  not clearly expressed or perceived
       n.
            adj.  having too high an opinion of one's looks, abilities, etc; conceited  ;
    adj. full of vainglory; conceited and boastful ;
       n. extreme vanity or pride in oneself; boastfulness ;
         n. short curtain or frill hung around the frame of a bed
            n. valley
     n. (words used in) saying farewell, esp on serious occasions
   n. student giving a valedictory
     adj. serving as or accompanying a farewell
  n. person who pays excessive attention to preserving his health
         adj. brave or determined
           adj.  legally effective because made or done with the correct formalities
        v.  make legally valid; ratify
      n.
        n.  state of beinglegally acceptable
          n. small leather bag for clothes, etc during a journey
          n.  stretch of land between hills or mountains, often with a river flowing through it .
           bravery
        Courageous.
          n.  bravery, esp in war
        adj.  worth a lot of money
           n.  worth of sth in terms of money or other goods for which it can be exchanged
       adj. without value or effect; worthless ; .
           n.  mechanical device for controlling the flow of air, liquid or gas in one direction only
         v. (often imperative ) go away quickly
            n. upper front part of a boot or shoe
         n.  reanimated corpsebelieved by some to leave its grave at night and suck the blood of living people
             n.  covered vehicle, with no side windows, for transporting goods or people
       n. behaviour characteristic of vandals
       to destroy or damage (something) by an act of vandalis
        n. the vanguard leading part of an advancing army or fleet
         n.  tropical orchid with sweet-smelling flowers
          v. disappear completely and suddenly
          n.  having too high an opinion of one's looks, abilities, etc; conceit
        v. ~ sb (fml ) defeat (an opponent, etc)
      [ vanquish: ] to defeat or overcome in a battle, contest, etc.; conquer
         n.  position,etc that gives sb superiority or advantage
           adj. dull or uninteresting
           stim/mist
        to convert (as by the application of heat or by spraying) into vapor
       [ vaporize: ] to change or cause to change into vapour or into the gaseous state
       An atomizer.
        adj. full of or like vapour
          n.  moisture or other substance spread about or hanging in the air
     n. quality of being variable; tendency to vary ;
        adj.  varying; changeable
        n. at variance (with sb/sth) (fml ) disagreeing or having a difference of opinion (with sb); in conflict (with sth)
         n. thing that differs from other things or from a standard
       n.  ~ (degree of) varying or being variant
          adj.  of different sorts; diverse
       To mark with different shades or colors.
      adj. marked irregularlywith differently coloured patches, streaks, spots, etc
     n. such irregular colouring or marking
         n.  quality of not being the same, or not being the same at all times
         adj.  of several kinds, unlike one another
         n.  hard shiny transparent coating applied to the surface of esp woodwork or metalwork
            v.  ~ (in sth) be different in size, volume, strength, etc
        adj. of or containing vessels or ducts through which blood or lymph flows in animals or sap in plants
            n. vessel without handles, usu made of glass, china, etc and used for holding cut flowers or as an ornament
          n.  man promising to fight for and be loyal to a king or lord in return for the right to hold land
            adj.  very large in area, size, quantity or degree; immense
      n. = variety 4
           n. arched roof; series of arches forming a roof
           v. boast about (sth); draw attention to (sth) in a conceited way
         [ vaunt: ] vt. to describe, praise, or display (one's success, possessions, etc.) boastfully
        [ vaunt: ] vt. to describe, praise, or display (one's success, possessions, etc.) boastfully
            n. flesh of a calf used as meat
          n.  quantitythat has both magnitude and direction, eg velocity
            v.  (esp of a vehicle) change direction or course
       n.  plant eaten as food, eg potatoes, beans, onions
         Of or pertaining to plants.
      n. person who,for humane, religious or health reasons, eats no meat
        v. live a dull life with little activity or interest
      n. plants in general; those found in a particular environment
      Pertaining to the process of plant-life.
       n. vehemently
        adj. showing or caused by strong feeling; passionate
         n.  conveyance such as a car, lorry or cart used for transporting goods or passengers on land
            n.  covering of fine net or other (usu transparent) material worn, esp by women, to protect or hide the face, or as part of a head-dress
            n.  any of the tubes carrying blood from all parts of the body to the heart
          n.  fine parchment or bookbinding material made from calf, kid or lamb skin ,
        n.  (usu of inanimate things ) speed, esp in a given direction
          n.  woven fabric, esp of silk or nylon, with a thick soft nap on one side
         adj. soft like velvet
           adj.  ready to accept money for doing sth dishonest
        n. quality of being venal
        n.  hereditary feud between families in which murders are committed in revenge for previous murders
        Marketable.
          n.  person who sells food or other small items from a stall in the open air
          n.  decorative wood or plastic glued to the surface of cheaper wood (for furniture, etc) ,
       adj.  deserving respect because of age, character, associations, etc
        v. respect (sb/sth) deeply; regard as sacred
      regard with deep respect
        Pertaining to or proceeding from sexual intercourse.
       n.  ~ paying back of an injury that one has suffered; revenge
        adj. showing a desire for revenge; vindictive ;
          adj. not serious; excusable
         n. flesh of a deer used as meat
           n.  poisonous fluid of certain snakes, scorpions, etc, injected by a bite or sting
          adj.  of or contained in the veins
            n.  opening that allows air, gas, liquid, etc to pass out of or into a confined space  ,
       v.  cause air to enter and move freely through
     n.  ventilating or being ventilated
         adj. of or on the abdomen
   n. person skilled in this
         n.  project or undertaking,esp a commercial one where there is a risk of failure
     adj. (of people) ready to take risks; daring
           n. place where people agree to meet, esp for a sports contest or match
           n. the planet secondin order from the sun, next to the Earth
       adj. (of a person) truthful
        n. truthfulness; truth
            n. word or phrase indicating an action, an event or a state, eg bring, happen, exist
          adj.  of or in words
       put into words
        adv. in spoken words, not in writing
        adj. adv exactly as spoken or written; word for word
        n. (use of) too many words, or unnecessarily difficult words,to express an idea, etc
         adj. using or containing more words than are needed
       n. state or quality of being verbose
         adj. (of grass, vegetation, fields, etc) fresh and green
         n.  decision reached by a jury on a question of fact in a law case
       n. greenish-blue substance that forms on copper, brass and bronze surfaces
           n.  = soft shoulder (soft)
      adj. that can be verified
    n.  verifying or being verified
        [ verify: ] to prove to be true; confirm; substantiate
          v.  make sure that (sth) is true or accurate; check
          In truth.
     having the appearance of truth probable
  n. appearance or semblance ofbeing true or real
       adj. rightly named or called; real
          n.  truth (of a statement, etc)
          n.  certain wild animals and birds which are harmful to crops and farmyard animals and birds
      n. language or dialect spoken in a particular country or region, as compared with a formal or written language
          adj. of, in or appropriate to the season of spring
       adj. turning easily or readily from one subject, skill or occupation to another
     n.
           n.  writing arranged in lines, often with a regular rhythm or rhyme scheme; poetry
          adj. ~ in sth knowledgeable about or skilled in sth
         n.  account of an event, etc from the point of view of one person
          prep (Latin ) against (sb/sth)
      n, adj having a backbone
          n. (fml) highest point or top; apex
        adj.  at a right angle to another line or plane, or to the earth's surface
        pl of vertex
     adj. of or causing vertigo
         n. feeling of losing one's balance, caused esp by looking down from a great height; dizziness
           n. enthusiasm, spirit or vigour, esp in artistic or literary work
            adv.  in a high degree; extremely
          n.  ship or boat, esp a large one
            n.  (Brit) (US undershirt) garment worn under a shirt, etc next to the skin
         n.  small remaining part of what once existed; trace
       adj. remaining as a vestige
        n. ceremonial garment, esp one worn by a priest in church ; ,
         (archaic)
         n.  person with much or long experience, esp as a soldier
      adj. of or for the diseases and injuries of animals
            n. constitutional right to reject or forbid a legislative proposal or action
             v.  anger or annoy (sb), esp with trivial matters
        n.  state of being annoyed or worried
          [ vex: ] to anger or annoy
             prep by way of (sth); through
       n.
          adj.  sound and workable; feasible
         n. long bridge, usu with many arches, carrying a road or railway across a valley or dip in the ground
           food
          [ viand: ] a type of food, esp. a delicacy
        n.
         adj.  vibrating strongly; resonant
         v.  move rapidly and continuously backwards and forwards; shake
       n.  vibrating movement or sensation
           n. clergyman in charge of a parish where tithes formerly belonged to another person or an institution
       adj.  felt or experienced indirectly, by sharing imaginatively in the feelings, activities, etc of another person
     adv.
            n.  evil or unprincipled conduct; wickedness
        [ vice: ] an immoral, wicked, or evil habit, action, or trait
         n. person governing a colony, province, etc as the deputy of a sovereign
        n. in the vicinity (of sth) (fml ) in the surrounding district; in the neighbourhood
         adj.  acting or done with evil intentions; spiteful
     n.
     n. (fml ) change in one's circumstances,esp for the worse
    [ vicissitude: ] variation or mutability in nature or life, esp. successive alternation from one condition or thing to another
          n.  person, animal or thing thatis injured, killed or destroyed as the result of carelessness,crime or misfortune
       to subject to deception or fraud:CHEAT
          n. winner of a battle, contest, game, etc
       adj.  of, living in or dating from the reign of Queen Victoria 1837-1901
      adj. ~ ~ (over sb/sth) having gained a victory; triumphant
         n. success in a war, contest, game, etc
         v. supply (sth) with food and stores
        n. food and drink; provisions ;
           n.  recording or broadcasting of moving pictures, as distinct from sound, by using television
             v. ~ with sb (for sth/to do sth); ~ for sth (fml ) compete keenly with sb (for sth); rival sb for sth
            n.  state of seeing or being seen from a particular place; field of vision
          n.  person who views sth
       n. = point of view (point)
           n.  staying awake, esp at night, to keep watch or to pray
       watchfulness
        adj. looking out for possible danger, trouble, etc; watchful or alert
       n. member of a self-appointed group of people who try to prevent crime and disorder in a community
        n.  illustration, esp on the title-page of a book, but not in a definite border
           active bodily or mental strength or force
        adj. strong, active or energetic
      [ vigorous: ] endowed with bodily or mental strength or vitality; robust
          n. physical strength or energy; vitality
            adj.  extremely disgusting
          v. (fml ) say evil or insulting things about (sb); slander
           n.  (usu as part of an address ) large detached or semi-detached house in a suburban or residential district
         n.  group of houses, shops, etc, usu with a church and situated in a country district
        n. person who lives in a village
         n.  person guilty or capable of great wickedness
      adj.  characteristic of a villain; wicked
         n. feudal tenant of land who was entirely subject to his lord
             n. energy orvigour
        Conquerable.
       v.  clear (sb/sth) of blame or suspicion
     n. vindicating or being vindicated
     Revengeful.
     Punitive.
      adj. having or showing a desire for revenge; unforgiving
            n.  climbing or trailing plant with a woody stem whose fruit is the grape
         n. sour liquid made from malt, wine, cider, etc by fermentation and used for flavouring food and for pickling
       [ vinegar: ] a sour-tasting liquid consisting of impure dilute acetic acid, made by oxidation of the ethyl alcohol in beer, wine, or cider. It is used as a condiment or preservative
          A greenhouse for grapes.
         n. wine-merchant
           n. tough flexible plastic, esp PVC, used for making raincoats, records, book covers, etc
            A stringed instrument of the violin class.
           n. stringed musical instrument played with a bow, of larger size than a violin .
         v.  break or be contrary to
       n. violatingor being violated
        n.  violent conduct, esp of an unlawful kind
         adj.  using, showing or caused by strong (esp unlawful) physical force
       adv: attack, disagree, react violently    * The door slammed violently. * He fell violently in love with her
          n.  small wild or garden plant, usu with sweet-smelling purple or white flowers .
          n. stringed musical instrument held under the chin and played with a bow .
     A stringed instrument held between the player's knees.
           n.  any of various types of poisonous snake found in Africa, Asia and Europe ,
          n. (fml ) violent and bad-tempered woman who scolds and shouts
           => virus
          n.  person, esp a girl or woman, who has never had sexual intercourse
        adj. of orsuitable for a virgin
          adj.  (of men) having procreative power; sexually potent
        n.  sexual potency
           Rare, curious, or beautiful quality.
         adj. being or acting as what is described, but not accepted as such in name or officially
       adv. in every important respect; almost
          n.  moral goodness or excellence
      n. skill of a virtuoso
        n. person who is exceptionally skilled in the techniques of a fine art, esp playing a musical instrument or singing
        adj.  having or showing moral virtue
       Extreme poisonousness.
        adj.  extremely harmful or deadly
           n. simple organism, smaller than bacteria, and causing infectious disease
            n. stamp or mark put on a passport by officials of a foreign country to show that the holder may enter, pass through or leave their country
          n. person'sface
        adj.  of the viscera
          adhesive; gluey
       Heavy gluey quality.
        n.  noblemanranking higher than a baron but lower than an earl
      n. title or rank of a viscount
         adj. not pouringeasily; thick and sticky
            tool for holding work in place
      n.  fact or state of being visible
         adj. ~  that can be seen; in sight
         adv. noticeably
          n.  power of seeing; sight
       adj.  having or showing foresight or wisdom
           v.  go or come to see (a person, place, etc) either socially or on business or for some other purpose
         n. ~ (from sb/sth)  one who visits a person or place
           n.  view as seen between long rows of trees, buildings, etc
          adj. concerned with or used in seeing
       To give pictorial vividness to a mental representation.
        adv.  in seeing
           adj.  connected with or essential to life
        the philosophical doctrine that the phenomena of life cannot be explained in purely mechanical terms because there is something immaterial which distinguishes living from inanimate matter
        n.  persistent energy; liveliness or vigour
        To endow with life or energy.
         adv. extremely
         n. any of a numberof organic substances which are present in certain foods and are essential to the health of humans and other animals
         v.  weaken or spoil the quality or efficiency of (sth)
        adj. having a glass-like texture or finish
         v. (cause sth to) be changed into a glass-like substance, esp by heat
         n.  sulphuric acid or any of its salts
       adj. savagely and bitterlyhostile
      v.  ~ (against sb/sth) (fml ) use abusive languageor bitter criticism; revile sb/sth ;
    adj. vituperative debate, criticism, etc
       adj. (esp of a woman) lively or high-spirited
        Liveliness.
           adj.  strong and bright; intense
          To endue with life.
     n. practice of performing surgical experiments on live animals for scientific research
  n. person who performs vivisections
           n.  female fox
        adj. her nasty, vixenish ways
         a word, especially one regarded in relation merely to its qualities of sound.
      n.  total number of words that make up a language
           adj.  of, for or uttered by the voice
        n. singer, esp in a jazz or pop group
         adv.  in a way that uses the voice
        n.  ~ feeling that one is called to (and qualified for) a certain kind of work, esp social or religious
      adj. of or concerning the qualifications, etc needed for a trade or profession
        n. special form of a noun, a pronoun or an adjective used (in some inflected languages) when addressing or invoking a person or thing
      v. say (sth) loudly or noisily; shout ;
      adj. loudor noisy; expressing one's views forcibly and insistently
           n.  ~ current or prevailing fashion
           n.  sounds formed in the larynx and uttered through the mouth, esp by a person speaking or singing
            n. (fml or rhet ) empty space; vacuum
          Flying or able to fly.
        adj.  changing rapidly into vapour
      n.
        adj. of, from or like a volcano
       vulcanism
         n. mountain or hill with an opening or openings through which lava, cinders, gases, etc come up from below the earth's surface (an active volcano), may come up after an interval (a dormant volcano)
            n. small animal resembling a rat or mouse and living in hedgerows, river-banks, etc
        n.  act of using one's will in choosing, making a decision, etc
      adj. a volitional act
        Exercising the will.
          n.  simultaneous throwing or firing of a number of stones, bullets, etc
      a game in which two teams hit a large ball back and forth over a high net with their hands
            n. unit of electrical force, defined as the force needed to carry one ampere of current against one ohm of resistance
         n. electrical force measured in volts
      fluency/verbosity/easy use of spoken language
         adj. (of a person) speaking a lot; talkative
          n.  book, esp one of a matching set or a series
      adj.  (of clothing etc) using much material; loose-fitting or ample
     adv.  without compulsion; willingly ;
       adj.  acting,done or given willingly
       n.  ~ person who offers to do sth without being compelled or paid
      n. person who seeks and enjoys luxury and sensual pleasure
      adj.  giving a feeling of luxury or sensual pleasure
           v.  ~ sth eject (food, etc from the stomach) through the mouth; be sick
          n. form of religion based on belief in witchcraft and magical rites, practised by blacks in the W Indies, esp in Haiti ,
       adj.  very greedy in eating; ravenous
        n.
          n.  whirling mass of water, air, etc, as in a whirlpool or whirlwind
          n. ~ (fml ) person who dedicates himself to sth, esp religious workand service
            n.  ~ ~ (on sth) formal expression of one's opinion or choice eg by ballot or show of hands
           n. person who votes or has the right to vote, esp in a political election
          [ straw: ] an indication of choice, opinion, or will on a question, such as the choosing of a candidate, by or as if by some recognized means, such as a ballot
          adj. presented to fulfil a promise made to God
           v.  ~ for sb/sth take responsibility for or express confidence in (a person, his behaviour, etc); guarantee
       v. ~ sth (dated or fml ) grant sth (to sb) as a gift or privilege
             n. solemn promise or undertaking, esp of a religious nature
           n. speech-sound made without audible stopping of the breath by the tongue, lips, etc
          n. long journey, esp by sea or in space
          n. person who gets pleasure from watching in secret others undressing or engaging in sexual activities
       n. state orpractice of being a voyeur
     adj. voyeuristic pleasures, pursuits, etc
          adj.  lacking in good taste or refinement
       n. rude or obscene act or expression
   n.
      adj. ~  that can be hurt, wounded or injured
         adj. of or like a fox
         n.  large bird, usu with head and neck almost bare of feathers, that lives on the flesh of dead animals
           pres p of vie
           adj. (infml  esp US) eccentric or crazy; zany
          v. walk with short steps and a swaying movement, as a duck does
            v.  walk with an effort (through water, mud or anything that makes walking difficult)
          n. small crisp cake made of cooked batter with a pattern of squares on it, often eaten with syrup ,
            v. be carried lightly and smoothly (as if) through the air
             v.  (cause sth to) move quickly from side to side or up and down
            n. regular (usu weekly) payment made or received for work or services
         adj. of, like, done or made by a wag
          any of various types of wheeled vehicles, ranging from carts to lorries, esp. a vehicle with four wheels drawn by a horse, tractor, etc., and used for carrying crops, heavy loads, etc.
           any of various types of wheeled vehicles, ranging from carts to lorries, esp. a vehicle with four wheels drawn by a horse, tractor, etc., and used for carrying crops, heavy loads, etc.
            n.  homeless person, esp an abandoned child
            v.  ~ (about/over sth) cry or complain (about sth) in a loud (usu shrill) voice
        n. wooden covering, esp panelling on the walls of a room
           n.  part of the body between the ribs and the hips, usu narrower than the rest of the trunk
       n. close-fitting sleeveless garment, buttoned down the front, usu worn under a jacket or coat and often forming part of a man's suit
         adj. becoming narrower at the waist
            v.  ~ (for sb/sth) stay where one is, delay acting, etc for a specified time or until sb or sth comes or until sth happens
          n. person employed to take customers' orders, bring food, etc in a restaurant, hotel dining-room, etc
        a woman who serves at table, as in a restaurant
           v. not insist on (sth) in a particular case; forego
            v.  ~(up) stop sleeping
           v. wake from sleep; awaken ;
            v.  (of a person) move along at a moderate pace by lifting up and putting down each foot in turn, so that one foot is on the ground while the other is being lifted
            n.  continuous upright solid structure of stone, brick, concrete, etc used to enclose, divide or protect sth (eg an area of land)
          (US also `billfold, `pocket-book)n small flat folding case, usu made of leather, carried in the pocket and used esp for holding banknotes, documents, etc ,
          v.  hit (sb/sth) hard; thrash
          v. (~ in sth)  lie and roll about in mud, water, etc
          n.  nut containing an edible kernel with a wrinkled surface in a pair of boat-shaped shells .
          n. large sea-animal living in the Arctic regions, similar to a seal but having two long tusks
           n. ballroom dance for couples, with a graceful flowing melody in triple time
          n. ornaments made of shells threaded on a string like beads, used formerly by N American Indians as money ,
             adj. (of a person, his appearance, etc) pale and looking ill or tired; pallid
          v.  move around in an area or go from place to place without any special purpose or destination; roam
        n. person or animal that wanders
      n. strong desire to travel
            v.  show a gradually decreasing area of brightness after being full
          v.  ~ sth (out of sb) get or arrange sth that one wants by using trickery or clever persuasion
            v.  have a desire for (sth); wish for
          adj.  done deliberately for no good reason; wilful
             n.  (state of) fighting between nations or groups within a nation using military force
          v. (esp of a bird) sing in a continuous gentle trilling way
            n.  separate part or room in a hospital for a particular group of patients
          n.  person responsible for supervising sth
        n.  place where clothes are stored, usu a large cupboard with shelves and a rail for hanging things on
            n.  manufactured goods (of the specified type)
       n. building where goods are stored before being sent to shops
         n. (fighting a) war
         adj. fond of or skilled in fighting; aggressive
            adj.  of or at a fairly high temperature, between cool and hot
       n. person who tries to cause a war or who favours war
          n. (also warmness) state of being warm
            v.  ~ sb (of sth) give sb notice of sth, esp possible danger or unpleasant consequences; inform sb in advance of what may happen
         n.  statement, event, etc that warns
            v.  become bent or twisted from the usual or natural shape, esp because of uneven shrinkage or expansion
         n.  ~ written order giving authority to do sth
       [ warrant: ] anything that gives authority for an action or decision; authorization; sanction
        n.  guarantee, esp one given to the buyer of an article, promising to repair or replace it if necessary
          n.  area of land with many burrows in which rabbits live and breed
         n.  (esp formerly) person who fights in battle; soldier
            adj. ~ (of sb/sth) looking out for possible danger or difficulty; cautious
            n.  act of cleaning or being cleaned with water
            n. any of several types of flying insect, the most common of which has black and yellow stripes, a narrow waist and a powerful sting in its tail
         adj. making sharp comments or replies; irritable or snappish
           adj.  that is not (fit to be) used; not inhabited or cultivated
        adj. causing waste
       n. area of land that is not or cannot be used; barren or desolate land
         n. lazy good-for-nothing person
           n.  (in a ship) period of duty (usu four hours) for part of the crew
        adj. watching or observing closely; alert
           n.  liquid without colour, smell or taste that falls as rain, is in lakes, rivers and seas, and is used for drinking, washing, etc
      [ watercolour: ] a  Also called: pure watercolour  water-soluble pigment, applied in transparent washes and without the admixture of white pigment in the lighter tones
     n. stream, brook or man-made waterway
       n. stream or river that falls from a height, eg over rocks or a cliff
      n. street, part of a town, etc that is next to water ,
     adj. (of timber) so saturated with water or (of a ship) so full of water that it will barely float
      adj. that cannot be penetrated by water
       n. line of high land where streams on one side flow into one river or sea and streams on the other side flow into a different river or sea
      n. funnel-shaped column of water between the sea and the clouds, formed when a whirlwind draws up a whirling mass of water
      adj.  made or fastened so that water cannot get in or out
          adj.  of or like water
            n. unit of electrical power
            v.  move regularly and loosely to and fro or up and down
      n.  distance between the corresponding points in a sound wave or an electromagnetic wave
         A ripple.
           v.  be or become weak or unsteady; falter
         n: The strength of his argument convinced the last few waverers
            abounding in or full of waves
             n.  soft sticky yellow substance produced by bees and used by them for making honeycombs
            adj. having a surface or texture like wax
             n.  place for walking, travelling, etc along; path, road, street, etc
          v. (pt, pp waylaid )wait for and stop (sb who is passing), esp in order to rob him or to ask him for sth
         adj. not easily controlled or guided; childishly headstrong or capricious
              we
            adj.  lacking strength or power; easily broken, bent or defeated
          v.  become weak or weaker
       [ weaken: ] verb  to become or cause to become weak or weaker
      adj. (of a person) lacking determination or courage
        n.  state of being weak
            n. raised mark on the skin made by hitting it with a stick, whip, etc
          n.  large amount of money, property, etc; riches
         adj. having wealth; rich ;
            v.  ~ sb/sth (on to sth) gradually stop feeding (a baby or young animal) with its mother's milk and start feeding it with solid food
          n.  thing designed or used for causing physical harm
        n. weapons
            n.  wearing or being worn as clothing
       n.
       adj. causing one to feel tired or bored
           adj.  very tired, esp as a result of effort or endurance; exhausted
          n. small fierce animal with reddish-brown fur, that lives on rats, rabbits, birds' eggs, etc
         n.  condition of the atmosphere at a certain place and time, with reference to temperature and the presence of rain, sunshine, wind, etc
  adj. tanned, damaged, roughened, etc as a result of being exposed to the sun and wind
           v. ~ sth (from sth) make (fabric, etc) by passing threads or strips crosswise over and under lengthwise ones, by hand or on a machine
          n.  person whose job is weaving cloth
             n.  network of fine threads spun by a spider or some other spinning creature
          adj. having the toes joined by webs
             v. (dated or journalism ) (not in the continuous tenses ) marry
         n.  marriage ceremony
           n.  piece of wood or metal that is thick at one end and narrows at the other to a sharp edge, used eg to split wood or rock, to widen an opening or to keep things apart
       n. the fourth day of the week, next after Tuesday
             adj.  little
            n.  wild plant growing where it is not wanted, esp among crops or garden plants
            n.  period of seven days, usu reckoned from midnight on Saturday
         n. any day except Sunday
         n. Saturday and Sunday
          adj. adv once a week or every week
            v. (fml )  ~ (for/over sb/sth) shed tears; cry
           v.  measure how heavy is by means of scales, a balance, etc
          n.  degree of heaviness of a thing, esp as measured on a balance, weighing-machine, etc and expressed according to a particular system of measuring
           adj.  (frightening because it is) unnatural, uncanny or strange
         adj.  received with or giving pleasure
            v.  ~ A and B (together); ~ A (on) to B join (pieces of metal) by hammering or pressing (usu when the metal is softened by heat) or fuse them by using an oxy-acetylene flame or an electric arc
         n.  good health, happiness, prosperity, etc of a person or group
            n.  shaft dug in the ground, usu lined with brick or stone, for obtaining water from an underground source
       adj. having or showing good manners
    (of a person) having a tidy pleasing appearance
   adj. having knowledge or information
adj. intended or intending to be helpful, useful, etc
      adj. known to many people; familiar or famous ;
      adj. prosperous; wealthy ;
           adj. of Wales, its people or its language
            n.  strip of leather round the edge of the upperof a shoe, to which the sole is stitched
          n. ~ of sth/sb disorderly mixture of things or people; general confusion
            pt of go1
            pt, pp of weep
            n.  the west point on the horizon where the sun sets; one of the four main points of the compass
         adj.  of or in the west
     adj. farthest west
        adj. towards the west
       adv: travel westward.
             adj.  covered, soaked or moistened with liquid, esp water
           v. strike or beat (sb/sth) vigorously
         adj. (of a person) tired out; exhausted
           n.  any of several types of very large mammal that live in the sea, some of which are hunted for their oil and flesh
           n. structure made of wood or stone at the water's edge, where ships may moor to load or unload cargo
            interrog det (used to ask sb to specify one or more things, places, people, etc from an indefinite number   )
        det, pron  any or every
           n.  grain from which flour (for bread, etc) is made
         v. ~ sth (out of sb) obtain sth by being pleasant to or flattering sb
           n.  disc or circular frame that turns on an axle, as on carts, cars, bicycles, etc or as part of a machine, etc
     n. open container for moving small loads in, with a wheel at one end, and two legs and two handles at the other
           to engulf entirely with or as if with water
           n.  young animal of the dog family; puppy or cub ;
            interrog adv at what time; on what occasion
        conj  at any time, regardless of when
           interrog adv in or to what place or position
concerned 
     interrog adv in or near what place; where
         conj  taking into consideration the fact that ...
         rel adv  by which
       conj after which; and then
        conj  in any place, regardless of where
       The necessary means or resources.
          any of certain kinds of half-decked commercial boats, such as barges, used in Britain
            v.  (fml ) sharpen (the blade of a knife, an axe, etc), esp by rubbing with a stone
         conj. (used as the object of vs like know, doubt, wonder, etc know doubt wonder)
       n. shaped stone used for sharpening tools, eg chisels, scythes, etc
           interrog det (used to ask sb to specify one or more people or things from a limited number )
       det, pron  the person or thing which
           n. ~ faint smell or puff of air or smoke
           n.  time
          conjunction  (Chiefly Brit)
            n. sudden desire or idea, esp an unusual or unreasonable one; caprice
         v.  whine or cry softly, esp with fear or pain  ,
       adj. full of whimsy; fanciful, playful or capricious
          n.  odd or playful behaviour or humour
           n. long high-pitched complaining cry, esp one made by a dog or child
          n. gentle neighing sound
            n.  length of cord or strip of leather fastened to a handle, used esp for urging on an animal or for striking a person or an animal as a punishment
           v.  move quickly round and round
       n. place in a river or the sea where there are whirling currents; circular eddy
         n.  whiskers long hair growing on a man's face
       whiskery  adjs having whiskers ;
         the usual Irish and U.S. spelling of: whisky
          (US or Irish  whiskey)  n strong alcoholic drink distilled from malted grain (esp barley or rye)
         v.  speak softly, using the breath but without vibrating the vocal cords
         n.  clear shrill sound made by forcing breath through a small hole between partly closed lips
            n. the smallest amount
           adj.  of the very palest colour, like fresh snow, common salt or milk
       n.  powdered lime or chalk mixed with water, used for painting
         adj. tending towards white; fairly white
         v.  ~ (at) sth cut thin slices or strips off (wood, etc)
             interrog pron  (used as the subject of a v to ask about the name, identity or function of one or more people ,  )
         pron  the person who
           adj.  entire; complete
    adj. done, acted, given, etc., with total sincerity, enthusiasm, or commitment
       n. selling of goods to shopkeepers for resale to the public
       adj. good for one's health or well-being
   n.
          adv. completely; entirely
            interrog pron (used as the object of a v or prep ) which person or people
           n.  one turn of a spiral
           interrog pron, interrog det of whom
             interrog adv  for what reason or purpose
            n.  length of thread in the centre of a candle, the top end of which is lit and burns as the wax melts .
          adj.  (of a person or his actions) morally bad; sinful or evil
        adv: The knife gleamed wickedly in the moonlight
      the quality or state of being morally very bad
          n. twigs or canes woven together, esp to make baskets or furniture
            adj.  measuring much from side to side; not narrow
          adv.  to a large extent or degree
           v. become wider
        [ widen: ] verb  to make or become wide or wider
      extending over a wide area
           n. woman whose husband has died and who has not married again
           n.  measurement from side to side
           v. hold in one's handand use (a weapon, tool, etc)
            n.  married woman, esp when considered in relation to her husband
             n. covering for the head made of real or artificial hair, worn to hide baldness, or in a lawcourt by barristers and judges, or by actors as part of a costume
          v. (cause sth to) move from side to side with rapid short movements
            adj.  (of animals, birds, etc) that normally live in natural conditions; not tame or domesticated
      (U.S. and Canadian)  (informal)
      n.  area of wild uncultivated land; desert
            An act or a means of cunning deception.
          adj.  (of sth bad) done deliberately; intentional
        n.
            modal v  (indicating future predictions )
         intentional; headstrong
       [ wilful: ] intent on having one's own way; headstrong or obstinate
     [ wilful: ] intent on having one's own way; headstrong or obstinate
         adj.  ready or eager to help
       adv.
     n.
          n. (also `willow-tree) any of various types of tree and shrub with thin flexible branches and long narrow leaves, usu growing near water
         adj. tall, lithe and slender
            v. (of a plant or flower) droop and wither
            adj. crafty or cunning; full of wiles
          n. head-dress made of linen or silk folded round the head and neck, worn by women in the Middle Ages
             v.  be victorious in (a battle, contest, race, etc); do best
           v. ~ show pain, distress or embarrassment by a slight involuntary movement, esp of the muscles in the face
           n. machine for hoisting or pulling heavy objects by means of a rope or chain wound round a drum; windlass ;
            n.  (used with a or in the plural when referring to the type of wind or its direction, etc; used with much, little, etc when referring to its strength, etc , a; much little) air moving as a result of natural forces
         n. person who talks a lot but says nothing important
        n.  fruit, esp an apple, that has been blown off a tree by the wind
         [ wind: ] a current of air, sometimes of considerable force, moving generally horizontally from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure
        adj. without wind
        n.  mill worked by the action of wind on long projecting arms that turn on a central shaft
          n.  opening in the wall or roof of a building, car, etc to let in light (and often air), usu filled with glass in a frame
           adj.  with much wind
            n.  alcoholic drink made from the fermented juice of grapes
            n.  either of the pair of feathered limbs that a bird uses to fly
            v.  ~ close one eye very briefly, esp as a private signal to sb
          n. = periwinkle 2
          n.  person, horse, etc that wins
          v. blow a current of air through (grain) in order to remove (the chaff)
         adj. attractive and pleasant
          n.  the last and coldest season of the year, coming between autumn and spring, ie from December to February in the Northern hemisphere
          adj. of or like winter; cold, snowy, etc
            v.  ~ sth (on sth); ~ sth (down/over) clean or dry sth by rubbing its surface with a cloth, piece of paper, etc
            n.  (piece or length of) metal that has been formed into a thin flexible threadlike rod
        n.  radio communications
            adj. (of a person) lean but strong
          n.  experience and knowledge (shown in making decisions and judgements); quality of being wise
            adj.  having or showing good judgement
            v.  ~ for sth/sb have or express a desire for sth/sb (esp sth/sb that is likely to be achieved or obtained only by good fortune)
         adj. having or expressing a wish
            n. ~  small separate bunch, bundle or twist (of sth)
           adj. like a wisp or in wisps; slight or straggly
         adj. full of or expressing sad or vague longing
       adv: sighing wistfully  * `If only I had known you then,' he said wistfully. ,
             n.  ability to combine words, ideas, etc so as to produce a clever type of humour
           n. (esp formerly) woman thought to have evil magic powers (often portrayed in fairy stories wearing a black cloak and pointed hat and flying on a broomstick); sorceress ;
      n. use of magic powers, esp evil ones; sorcery ;
            prep  in the company or presence of (sb/sth)
        v. ~ sb/sth (from sth) pull or take sb/sth back or away
      n.  withdrawing or being withdrawn
       adj. uncommunicative or unsociable
          v.  ~ ~ (sth) (up) (cause sth to) become dry, shrivelled or dead
       adj. scornful or contemptuous
        v. (fml )~ sth (from sb/sth) (fml ) refuse to give sth; keep sth back
          prep  after not more than (the specified period of time)
         prep  not having, experiencing or showing
       v. (often fml ) endure (sth) without giving in, collapsing, wearing out, etc; resist
         adj. unintelligent or foolish; out of one's mind
         A person who has little understanding.
         n.  (also `eye-witness) person who sees an event take place (and is therefore able to describe it to others)
       n. witty remark
       n.
         deliberate; intentional
           adj. full of clever humour
           pl of wife
        n. practice of magic
           to become dry, shrunken, and wrinkled often as a result of aging or of failing vitality
         adj. having a dried-up wrinkled skin; shrivelled
          v. ~ (about/around) (cause sth to) move from side to side unsteadily
          adj. tending to move unsteadily from side to side
             n.  great sorrow or distress
          adj.  full of woe; sad
            pt of wake1
           pp of wake1
            [ weld: ] vt. to unite (pieces of metal or plastic) together, as by softening with heat and hammering or by fusion
            n.  fierce wild animal of the dog family, usu hunting in packs
           n. adult female human being
             pt, pp of win
          n.  feeling of surprise mixed with admiration, bewilderment or disbelief
       adj. causing wonder; very surprising
     adv. surprisingly
            adj. ~ to do sth in the habit of doing sth; accustomed to doing sth
             v.  try to obtain the support of (sb)
            n.  hard fibrous substance in the trunk and branches of a tree, enclosed by the bark
         n. print made from a design, drawing, etc cut in relief on a block of wood
      n. person who cuts down trees as an occupation
          adj.  made of wood
      n. bird that clings to the bark of trees and taps with its beak to find insects .
        a pile or heap of firewood
            n.  fine soft hair that forms the coats of sheep, goats and some other animals (eg the llama and alpaca)
          [ woollen: ] relating to or consisting partly or wholly of wool
         adj. made wholly or partly of wool
          adj.  covered with wool or wool-like hair
           adj. (infml ) feeling dizzy or sick, eg as a result of drinking too much alcohol ,
            n.  sound or combination of sounds that expresses a meaning and forms an independent unit of the grammar or vocabulary of a language
       a person who works with words;  especially :a skillful writer
            pt of wear2
            n.  use of bodily or mental power in order to do or make sth (esp as contrasted with rest or play or recreation)
          n.  (often in compounds ) person who works, esp one who does a particular type of work
         n. man who is employed to do manual or mechanical work
     Like or befitting a skilled workman.
     The art or skill of a workman.
       n. thing worked on with a tool or machine
        n. room or building in which machines, etc are made or repaired
           n.  the world everything that exists; the universe
         adj. of (the affairs of) the world, esp the pursuit of pleasure or material gain; not spiritual
      adj. found in or affecting the whole world
            n.  small long thin creeping animal with a soft rounded or flattened body and no backbone or limbs
            pp of wear2
         adj. ~ ~ (that...) feeling or showing worry about sb/sth; anxious
         n. person who worries a lot
           v.  ~ (about sb/sth) be anxious (about sb, difficulties, the future, etc)
           adj. ~ (than sth/doing sth) of a less excellent or desirable kind
          v. become worse
         n.  reverence, respect or love for God or a god
           adj. 1 of the least excellent, desirable, suitable, etc kind
           adj.  having a certain value
       without practical value or usefulness
      adj. important, interesting or rewarding enough to justify the time, money or effort that is spent
          adj.  ~ of sth/to do sth deserving sth or to do sth
           modal v. (used with have + a past participle to describe the consequence of an imagined event have +
           n.  injury caused deliberately to part of the body by cutting, shooting, etc, esp as the result of an attack
            pt of weave
           pp of weave
             interj (used to express astonishment or admiration )
          n. ghostly image of a person seen shortly before or after his death; ghost
         n. ~ (about/over sth) noisy or angry argument or dispute (with sb) (about sth)
        a ranch hand who takes care of the saddle horses;  broadly :COWBOY
            v.  ~ sth (up) (in sth) cover or enclose sth (in soft or flexible material)
           n. extreme anger
           v.  ~ sth (on sb) carry out (revenge or vengeance) on sb; inflict sth
          n. arrangement of flowers and leaves twisted or woven into a circle and placed on a grave, etc as a mark of respect for the dead
         to form into or take the form of a wreath by intertwining or twisting together
           n.  vehicle, aeroplane, etc that has been badly damaged, esp in an accident
        n. remains of sth that has been wrecked
          v.  ~ sth off (sth); ~ sb/sth away twist or pull sb/sth violently away from sth
           v.  ~ sth from sb take sth away from sb violently
         v.  ~ (with sb) fight (esp as a sport) by grappling with sb and trying to throw him to the ground
        n. person who takes part in the sport of wrestling
       n. sport in which people wrestle
          n.  very unfortunate or miserable person
        adj.  very unhappy; miserable or pitiable
         v.  make quick, short, twisting and turning movements
           v.  ~ sth (out) twist and squeeze sth in order to remove liquid from it
        adj. (of clothes, etc) so wet that a lot of water can be wrung out
         n.  small fold or line in the skin, esp one of those on the face that are caused by age
         adj. having or forming wrinkles
           n. part of the body between the hand and the forearm; joint on which the hand moves ; .
            n. formal legal written order to do or not to do sth, issued by a court of law or a person in authority
           v.  make letters or other symbols on a surface (usu paper), esp with a pen or pencil
          n.  person who writes or has written sth
          v.  twist or roll about, esp because of great pain
         n.  activity or occupation of writing
         adj. expressed in writing, rather than in speech
           adj.  ~ not morally right; unjust
       n. person who does sth immoral or illegal
      n. wrong behaviour; wrong action
           pt of write
           pt, pp of wring
             adj.  (of a person's face, features, etc) twisted into an expression of disappointment, disgust or mockery
       a person who hates or fears foreigners or strangers
      n. intense dislike or fear of foreigners or strangers
       adj. "xero'phytically adverb(ial)
           n.  process for producing photocopies without the use of wet materials
           n.  type of short-wave electromagnetic radiation that can penetrate solids and make it possible to see into or through them *X
           n.  light sailing-boat, esp one built specifically for racing
            n.  (usu unroofed) enclosed or partly enclosed space near or round a building or group of buildings, often paved
       n. ~ standard of comparison
            n.  fibres that have been spun for knitting, weaving, etc
             v. turn unsteadilyoff a straight or correct course
            v.  take a deep breath with the mouth wide open, as when sleepy or bored
            n.  time taken by the earth to make one orbit round the sun, about 365 days
        n. animal, esp a horse, between one and two years old
          adj. adv every year or once a year
           v. ~ desire strongly or with compassion or tenderness; be filled with longing
           n. fungous substance used in the making of beer and wine, or to make bread rise
            v.  ~ (at sb/sth); ~ (out) (in/with sth) utter a loud sharp cry or cries as of pain, excitement, etc
          adj.  of the colour of ripe lemons, egg yolks or gold, or of a colour similar to this .
            n. a short sharp cry
             n. unit of money in Japan
          n. (Brit)  (esp arch ) farmer who owns and works his land
             interj  (used to answer in theaffirmative )
       adv. on the day just past; on the day before today
             adv. (used in questions and negative sentences and after vs expressing uncertainty, usu in final position
           v.  bear, produce or provide
        adj. that can bend and give2(1); pliable rather than stiff
            n.  shaped piece of wood fixed across the necks of two animals (esp oxen) pulling a cart, plough, etc
           n. simple-minded country person; bumpkin ;
            n. round yellow part in the middle of the white of an egg
            n. of yore (arch or rhet ) long ago
             pers pron   person or people being addressed ; . (used as the subject or object of a v or after a prep; also used independently and after be , be)
           adj. not far advanced in life, growth, development, etc; of recent birth or origin
        adj. fairly young; quite young
       n. child; youth; young person
            possess det  of or belonging to the person or people being addressed
           possess pron  of or belonging to you
        reflex, emph pron   (onlytaking the main stress in sentences when used emphatically)  (reflex ) (used when the person or people addressed cause(s) and is/are affected by an action )
           n. period of being young, esp the time between childhood and maturity
        adj. having qualities typical of youth; young or seeming young
            adj. (infml ) amusingly ridiculous; eccentric
            n. ~ (for sth) (usu intense) energy or enthusiasm; keenness
          n. person who is extremely enthusiastic about sth, esp religion or politics; fanatic , ;
        n. zealous attitude or behaviour
         adj. full of zeal; eager
           n. African wild animal of the horse family with a body covered by black (or dark brown) and white stripes
       n. spirit of a particular period of history as shown by the ideas, beliefs, etc of the time
          n.  point in the heavens directly above an observer
          n. soft gentle breeze
            pron, det  0; one less than one; nought 0
            n.  ~ great enjoyment or excitement; gusto
           having or characterized by keen enjoyment
          adj. turning right and left alternately at sharp angles
            n. chemical element, a bluish-white metal used in alloys and to cover iron sheets, wire, etc as a protection against rust .
             n.  device for bringing together or separating two rows of metal or plastic teeth by means of a sliding tab, used for fastening clothing, baggage, etc
           adj. (infml ) full of zip; lively and energetic ;
          n. the zodiac imaginary band of the sky containing the positions of the sun, the moon and the main planets, divided into 12 equal parts (the signs of the zodiac), named after 12 groups of stars ,    12 ,  12 signs of the zodiac,  12 .
            n.  area, band or stripe that is different from its surroundings in colour, texture, appearance, etc
             n. (also fml  zoological gardens) place (eg a garden, park, etc) where living (esp wild) animals are kept for exhibition, study and breeding
       n. expert in or student of zoology
         n. scientific study of the structure, form and distribution of animals
          the cell resulting from the union of an ovum and a spermatozoon
     \0
